I'm Jacob Bankston from Houston, Texas, USA, but I currently live in Tallahassee, Florida, USA. I am interested in studying and pursuing a Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science at UoPeople! I transitioned from teaching choir in public schools for 8 years into software development three years ago, and I wanted to solidify my understanding of the core conceptual knowledge behind computer science to assist me in my career.

My favorite hobby would have to be singing barbershop music! It is an american music genre that was formed in the early 1900s, and the main organization that has kept it thriving since its inception is the Barbershop Harmony Society. It consists of 4 vocal parts, traditionally all male singers (but all genders are accepted, and women's and mixed quartets are involved), with no instruments! They have competitions up to the international level and choruses and quartets around the world. It's an absolute blast, and a great rabbit hole to dive down on youtube if you've got the time!

If I were to time travel I would go into the future to see how humanity is progressing, and how we end up tackling major global issues that we are dealing with today. Getting to peak into technological breakthroughs, and new innovations in the medical industry would be amazing! If I were to go into the past, I would go back to a year ago and throw a significant amount of money into dogecoin.

Something that was unique to living in Houston was the extremely diverse population, and the amazing food that would come out of the mixture of cuisines. Amazing Mexican food, BBQ, and even food fusion types like Vietnamese + Cajun food! Another unique thing to Houston is that it is extremely widespread, and almost everyone drives long distances to get to work every day. Driving from one side of Houston to the opposite side takes around 2 hours and 30 minutes without traffic.

I'm looking forward to going through this course with everyone, and I hope we all keep up with all of the learning material and assignments together!
