# Journal for December 31st, 2021

## OVERALL EFFORTS

### 3 main objectives for this month!

- READING - Read 10 pages a day
- GITHUB - Daily Journaling
- SPANISH - Go through all of the DuoLingo course for Spanish [31/273 Nodes Complete]

### TO-DO

- SPANISH - Get half a bubble on Duo Lingo! Keep the streak alive!
- GITHUB - Set up the daily journal, and push to Github! Include updates throughout the day!
- READING - Read 10 pages today from a coding textbook!

### DONE

- GITHUB - Added today's journal!
- READING - Read 107-120 in Cracking the Code Interview - Going to finish going through the starter material, then I'll probably pivot.
- SPANISH - Started going through it, need to complete Describe bubble and 3 levels of the next bubble!
- UOPEOPLE - Got good reviews for my learning journal from the teacher.

### POSITIVES

- Read a blog about bitwise operators and the whole system makes more sense. Breaking things down to very small processes helps so much! Scaffolding!
- Added Jessica to my challengees for Scrabble to play along with Mom
- Currently winning in both Scrabble matches with Mom!
- Had a good conversation with Josh about potential apps to build for us to play as a family - Kings in the Corner

### THOUGHTS AND NOTES

#### TODO

- Transfer blog content creation to Linked In!
- Transfer and host original blog content within my own domain as well. Maybe on my portfolio site!
- Update portfolio site to be accurate to the tech stack that I am most familiar with.
- Update Github Overview Section to show the "secret" splashpage
- Schedule and plan with Ellie a time period to regularly clean up and polish our resumes and linked in profiles
- Rehost tech book book club slides on Github to share with everyone
- Announce and publicize information about book club more often!

#### FUTURE OBJECTIVE IDEAS

- Linked In post daily
- Twitter post daily
- Blog post daily
- WhyNotBarbershop post daily
- Do the 100 days of code challenge with an actual project
- Take Wes Bos video course daily for 1 hour
- Take Level Up Tutorials course daily for 1 hour
- Take a Linked In Learning course daily for 1 hour - on management, devops, UX/UI, cloud development, etc...
- Go through a Google Cert. program
- Daily planks
- Daily run/walk
- Daily meditation
- Daily brainstorming of 10 app ideas
- Daily typing challenges
- 5 algorithm challenges a day
