# Journal for December 21st, 2021

## OVERALL EFFORTS

### 3 main objectives for this month!

- READING - Read 10 pages a day
- GITHUB - Daily Journaling
- SPANISH - Go through all of the DuoLingo course for Spanish [31/273 Nodes Complete]

### TO-DO

- SPANISH - Get 100 points on Duo Lingo minimum! Keep the streak alive!
- GITHUB - Set up the daily journal, and push to Github! Include updates throughout the day!
- READING - Read 10 pages today from a coding textbook, take notes within journal, including quotes and questions for book club!

### DONE

- GITHUB - Added today's journal, and reformatted the structure of the daily journal to only focus on a few things. Hopefully this will give me a higher chance at completing the daily tasks I set for myself!
- UOPEOPLE - Was able to get in the final Discussion Assignment review. There are wildly different skill levels of the students in the course in general, and the english proficiency also gets in the way for many students. I can not imagine trying to take a collegiate level course in Spanish!!
- DUOLINGO - Counted the amount of lesson nodes that I needed to complete to finish all the course, and there were 242 bubbles remaining. Ellie's family said there's about a year and a half until we'll visit Spain, so I've gotta try and finish by then. That comes out to a node every two days or so... I've got my work cut out for me if I want to be fluent by then!
- DUOLINGO - Finished a bubble today and took over the top spot for the week!
- READING - Read the first 10 pages of Cracking the Code Interview. Loving it so far!

### POSITIVES

- Nailed a joke with the team at work! Found one that they would all appreciate. Tim Vine is a god!

### THOUGHTS AND NOTES

#### TODO

- Transfer blog content creation to Linked In!
- Transfer and host original blog content within my own domain as well. Maybe on my portfolio site!
- Update portfolio site to be accurate to the tech stack that I am most familiar with.
- Update Github Overview Section to show the "secret" splashpage
- Schedule and plan with Ellie a time period to regularly clean up and polish our resumes and linked in profiles
- Rehost tech book book club slides on Github to share with everyone
- Announce and publicize information about book club more often!

#### FUTURE OBJECTIVE IDEAS

- Linked In post daily
- Twitter post daily
- Blog post daily
- WhyNotBarbershop post daily
- Do the 100 days of code challenge with an actual project
- Take Wes Bos video course daily for 1 hour
- Take Level Up Tutorials course daily for 1 hour
- Take a Linked In Learning course daily for 1 hour - on management, devops, UX/UI, cloud development, etc...
- Go through a Google Cert. program
- Daily planks
- Daily run/walk
- Daily meditation
- Daily brainstorming of 10 app ideas
- Daily typing challenges
- 5 algorithm challenges a day
