# Journal for December 29th, 2021

## OVERALL EFFORTS

### 3 main objectives for this month!

- READING - Read 10 pages a day
- GITHUB - Daily Journaling
- SPANISH - Go through all of the DuoLingo course for Spanish [31/273 Nodes Complete]

### TO-DO

- SPANISH - Get half a bubble on Duo Lingo! Keep the streak alive!
- GITHUB - Set up the daily journal, and push to Github! Include updates throughout the day!
- READING - Read 10 pages today from a coding textbook!

### DONE

- GITHUB - Added today's journal!
- READING - Read 89-99 in Cracking the Code Interview! It was very dense today, reading many algorithm challenges and taking notes on it!
- SPANISH - Did three levels of the Describe bubble to earn 480 points today!
- UOPEOPLE - Knocked out the assignments for the week, except for the learning journal

### POSITIVES

- Enjoyed the first day off on my own at home and basically did nothing all day!
- Knocked out the Written Assignment and Discussion Assignment for UoPeople in a fairly short amount of time!
- Despite not doing them early, still knocked out the reading and duolingo challenges for the day!

### THOUGHTS AND NOTES

#### TODO

- Transfer blog content creation to Linked In!
- Transfer and host original blog content within my own domain as well. Maybe on my portfolio site!
- Update portfolio site to be accurate to the tech stack that I am most familiar with.
- Update Github Overview Section to show the "secret" splashpage
- Schedule and plan with Ellie a time period to regularly clean up and polish our resumes and linked in profiles
- Rehost tech book book club slides on Github to share with everyone
- Announce and publicize information about book club more often!

#### FUTURE OBJECTIVE IDEAS

- Linked In post daily
- Twitter post daily
- Blog post daily
- WhyNotBarbershop post daily
- Do the 100 days of code challenge with an actual project
- Take Wes Bos video course daily for 1 hour
- Take Level Up Tutorials course daily for 1 hour
- Take a Linked In Learning course daily for 1 hour - on management, devops, UX/UI, cloud development, etc...
- Go through a Google Cert. program
- Daily planks
- Daily run/walk
- Daily meditation
- Daily brainstorming of 10 app ideas
- Daily typing challenges
- 5 algorithm challenges a day
