# Journal for December 21st, 2021

## OVERALL EFFORTS

### 3 main objectives for this month!

- READING - Read 10 pages a day
- GITHUB - Daily Journaling
- SPANISH - Go through all of the DuoLingo course for Spanish

### TO-DO

- SPANISH - Get 100 points on Duo Lingo minimum! Keep the streak alive!
- GITHUB - Set up the daily journal, and push to Github! Include updates throughout the day!
- READING - Read 10 pages today from a coding textbook, take notes within journal, including quotes and questions for book club!

### DONE (FOCUS)

- GITHUB - Added today's journal!
- UOPEOPLE - Finished Written Assignment peer assessments. Was probably overly thorough in my responses because I gave advice and insight for each of the authors. It's hard to turn off that teacher mindset!
- UOPEOPLE - Got through two Discussion Assignment reviews, but still waiting for more people to post content to grade!
- DUOLINGO - Kept the streak alive at least with one lesson at the last 30 minutes of the day. Need to push myself this week to climb back into Diamond league!
- FAMILY - Hung out with Michelle and the fam playing Mario Party, watching Spiderman Far from Home and wrapped up the day with Boyfriend Dungeon on the Switch. Had a really great time! Also, the fajitas were on point for the tacos we had for dinner!

### POSITIVES

- Dinner was amazing!
- Had a solid work day and was able to knock things out!
- Had a great time playing video games with Michelle! Mario Party was much more fun when we did the collaborative events, so I think we'll just do that in the future!
- The video game "Boyfriend Dungeon" is a treasure, and we had a blast playiing it.

### THOUGHTS AND NOTES

#### TODO

- BLOGGING - Transfer blog content creation to Linked In! Also, transfer and host original content within my own domain as well. Probably add this to my portfolio website that is hosted on Github Pages.
- BLOGGING - Select a day in the week that I have time to post a blog post weekly (maybe daily?)
- GITHUB - Update Github Overview Section to show the "secret" splashpage
- LINKEDIN - Update LinkedIn profile to accurately depict my career changes and job accomplishments and tasks, add WITSML to the current technologies
- GITHUB/LINKEDIN - Create blog posts about the slide decks that I created for Pragmatic Programmer, Clean Code and Grokking Algorithms for the Tech Book Book Club
- LEARNING - HASHICORP - Advice from Derek, "Honestly to learn HashiCorp specifically start with building stuff on Vagrant. You can built almost anything other than cloud vendor specific resources with Vagrant alone and most if not all of the project repos provide you a Vagrantfile to get started with. After that AWS will have the most example content. Start with easier concepts like provisioning a VPC/VM. But yeah, Vagrant is your huckleberry to start"

#### FUTURE OBJECTIVE IDEAS

- Linked In post daily
- Twitter post daily
- Blog post daily
- WhyNotBarbershop post daily
- Do the 100 days of code challenge with an actual project
- Take Wes Bos video course daily for 1 hour
- Take Level Up Tutorials course daily for 1 hour
- Take a Linked In Learning course daily for 1 hour - on management, devops, UX/UI, cloud development, etc...
- Go through a Google Cert. program
- Daily planks
- Daily run/walk
- Daily meditation
- Daily brainstorming of 10 app ideas
- Daily typing challenges
- 5 algorithm challenges a day
