sept-2021/sept-29-21.md, before:

**OVERALL EFFORTS**

- CAREER GROWTH - READING - Code Complete 2nd Edition
- CAREER GROWTH - COLLEGE - Admissions process for University of the People
- CAREER GROWTH - INTERVIEW PREP - Leet Code Challenges Daily to eventually complete all of them
- CAREER GROWTH - PORTFOLIO BOOST - Push to Github every day to fill out my grid!
- CAREER GROWTH - SKILLS - Shortcuts and Typing challenges daily
- CAREER GROWTH - WRITING - Regularly post Blog Content on Medium
- LIFE GOALS - SPANISH - Go through all of the DuoLingo course for Spanish
- LIFE GOALS - EXERCISE - Run regularly, alternate with plank app, and start yoga with Ellie
- LIFE GOALS - MEDITATION - Short meditation session daily
- LIFE GOALS - PHYSICAL THERAPY - Use the denner roll for the chiropractic care daily

**DOING TODAY**

- GITHUB

  - JOURNAL - Set up the daily journal, and push to Github
  - JOURNAL - Document daily did today activities

- SPANISH

  - DUOLINGO - Get at least 100 points
  - DUOLINGO - Stretch Goal - Complete Schedule Lessons

- READING

  - CODE COMPLETE - Read the second chapter
  - CODE COMPLETE - Stretch Goal - Read the third chapter

- PHYSICAL AND MENTAL HEALTH

  - EXERCISE - Plank routine on the Plank app
  - EXERCISE - Do the arm/wrist routine
  - PHYSICAL THERAPY - Use the denner roll for 10~15 minutes
  - MEDITATE - Do one meditation session on Headspace
  - HYDRATE - Drink at least 4 bottles of water today

- CAREER SKILLS PRACTICE

  - LEETCODE - Solve 1 problem
  - SHORTCUTFOO - 5 minutes of practice
  - TYPERACER - 5 minutes of practice

**DID TODAY**

- CHORES - Went through the mail today
- CHORES - Took my daily medicine!
- JOURNAL - Set up the daily journal, saved and pushed to github

**THOUGHTS**

- **TODAY'S POSITIVES**

- Still really enjoying the process of journaling personal goals! It really helps me keep my thoughts together!

- **JOURNAL GOALS**

  - Update the README.md file to have a more interesting splash page for this repository since it will likely be the most active repo on my account

- **GOALS TODO**

  - MEDIUM - Select a day in the week that I have time to post a blog post weekly
  - MENTORING - Set a calendar reminder for mentoring sessions and invite mentees

- **FUTURE PERSONAL GOALS**
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - JOURNAL - Create a template for the blogging content
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - JOURNAL - Display quantifiable data in a visual format somehow?
    - Running data - Weight data - etc...
    - Duolingo stats
    - Textbook reading - pages per day kind of thing...
    - Leetcode challenges completed
    - Minutes practiced for shortcuts
    - Minutes practiced for typing
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - GITHUB - Update Github Overview Section to show the "secret" splashpage
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - LINKEDIN - Update LinkedIn profile to accurately depict my career changes and job accomplishments and tasks
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - MEDIUM - Create blog posts about the slide decks that I created for Pragmatic Programmer, Clean Code and Grokking Algorithms for the Tech Book Book Club

**CODING CHALLENGE**

```js
// 7. Reverse Integer
// Given a signed 32-bit integer x, return x with its digits reversed.
// If reversing x causes the value to go outside the signed
// 32-bit integer range [-2^31, 2^31 - 1], then return 0.

// Based on String solution
/**
 * @param {number} x
 * @return {number}
 */
var reverse = function (x) {
  const reversedInt = parseInt(
    Math.abs(x).toString().split("").reverse().join("")
  );
  if (reversedInt > 2 ** 31) return 0;

  return reversedInt * Math.sign(x);
};

// Based on Number solution
/**
 * @param {number} x
 * @return {number}
 */
var reverse = function (x) {
  const isNegative = x < 0 ? true : false;

  if (isNegative) {
    x = x * -1;
  }

  let reversed = 0;
  while (x > 0) {
    reversed = reversed * 10 + (x % 10);
    x = parseInt(x / 10);
  }

  if (reversed > 2 ** 31) {
    return 0;
  }

  return isNegative ? reversed * -1 : reversed;
};

// More optimal solution from Leetcode

/**
 * @param {number} x
 * @return {number}
 */
var reverse = function (x) {
  /*const numbers = x.toString().split('')
   	const result = []
    
    if(numbers[0] === "-"){
      	result.push('-')
        numbers.shift()
      }
    if(x > Math.pow(2, 31) -1 || x <= (Math.pow(2,31) *-1) ){
      return 0
    }
    for (let i= numbers.length-1 ; i >= 0; i--){
      result.push(numbers[i])
    }
     return +result.join("")*/

  const mul = x < 0 ? -1 : 1;
  x = x * mul;
  let y = 0;
  while (x > 9) {
    y = y * 10 + (x % 10);
    x = (x / 10) | 0;
  }
  y = y * 10 + x;
  if (y >= 2 ** 31) return 0;
  return y * mul;
};

/**
 * @param {number} x
 * @return {number}
 */
var reverse = function (x) {
  //        const limit = Math.pow(2, 31)
  //        const sign = x > 0 ? 1 : -1
  //        x = Math.abs(x).toString().split('').reverse().join('')*sign
  //     if (x < limit*-1 || x > limit - 1){
  //         return 0
  //     }
  //     return x

  let int = 0;
  const limit = Math.pow(2, 31);
  const sign = x > 0 ? 1 : -1;
  x = Math.abs(x);
  while (x !== 0) {
    let pop = x % 10;
    x = Math.floor(x / 10);
    int = int * 10 + pop;
  }
  int *= sign;
  if (int < limit * -1 || int > limit - 1) {
    return 0;
  }
  return int;
};
```

Commit message:

Updated information with what I did today so far!

sept-2021/sept-29-21.md, after:

**OVERALL EFFORTS**

- CAREER GROWTH - READING - Code Complete 2nd Edition
- CAREER GROWTH - COLLEGE - Admissions process for University of the People
- CAREER GROWTH - INTERVIEW PREP - Leet Code Challenges Daily to eventually complete all of them
- CAREER GROWTH - PORTFOLIO BOOST - Push to Github every day to fill out my grid!
- CAREER GROWTH - SKILLS - Shortcuts and Typing challenges daily
- CAREER GROWTH - WRITING - Regularly post Blog Content on Medium
- LIFE GOALS - SPANISH - Go through all of the DuoLingo course for Spanish
- LIFE GOALS - EXERCISE - Run regularly, alternate with plank app, and start yoga with Ellie
- LIFE GOALS - MEDITATION - Short meditation session daily
- LIFE GOALS - PHYSICAL THERAPY - Use the denner roll for the chiropractic care daily

**DOING TODAY**

- GITHUB

  - JOURNAL - Set up the daily journal, and push to Github
  - JOURNAL - Document daily did today activities

- SPANISH

  - DUOLINGO - Get at least 100 points
  - DUOLINGO - Stretch Goal - Complete Schedule Lessons

- READING

  - CODE COMPLETE - Read the second chapter
  - CODE COMPLETE - Stretch Goal - Read the third chapter

- PHYSICAL AND MENTAL HEALTH

  - EXERCISE - Plank routine on the Plank app
  - EXERCISE - Do the arm/wrist routine
  - PHYSICAL THERAPY - Use the denner roll for 10~15 minutes
  - MEDITATE - Do one meditation session on Headspace
  - HYDRATE - Drink at least 4 bottles of water today

- CAREER SKILLS PRACTICE

  - LEETCODE - Solve 1 problem
  - SHORTCUTFOO - 5 minutes of practice
  - TYPERACER - 5 minutes of practice

**DID TODAY**

- CHORES - Went through the mail today
- CHORES - Took my daily medicine!
- JOURNAL - Set up the daily journal, saved and pushed to github
- WATER - Drank 1 bottle of water
- WATER - Drank 2 bottles of water
- DUOLINGO - 137 points for today
- WATER - Drank 3 bottles of water
- DUOLINGO - 200+ points for today!
- SHORTCUTFOO - 5 minutes of practice
- MENTORED - Did one session with Dylan today, and it went really well!
- MENTORED - Set up recurring zoom meetings with Heggy
- BOOKCLUB - Ran the book club meeting!

**THOUGHTS**

- **TODAY'S POSITIVES**

  - Still really enjoying the process of journaling personal goals! It really helps me keep my thoughts together!
  - I really did an incredible amount of work today within the desktop application for work! I'm super proud of myself :]

- **JOURNAL GOALS**

  - Update the README.md file to have a more interesting splash page for this repository since it will likely be the most active repo on my account

- **GOALS TODO**

  - MEDIUM - Select a day in the week that I have time to post a blog post weekly
  - MENTORING - Set a calendar reminder for mentoring sessions and invite mentees

- **FUTURE PERSONAL GOALS**
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - JOURNAL - Create a template for the blogging content
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - JOURNAL - Display quantifiable data in a visual format somehow?
    - Running data - Weight data - etc...
    - Duolingo stats
    - Textbook reading - pages per day kind of thing...
    - Leetcode challenges completed
    - Minutes practiced for shortcuts
    - Minutes practiced for typing
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - GITHUB - Update Github Overview Section to show the "secret" splashpage
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - LINKEDIN - Update LinkedIn profile to accurately depict my career changes and job accomplishments and tasks
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - MEDIUM - Create blog posts about the slide decks that I created for Pragmatic Programmer, Clean Code and Grokking Algorithms for the Tech Book Book Club

**CODING CHALLENGE**

```js
// 7. Reverse Integer
// Given a signed 32-bit integer x, return x with its digits reversed.
// If reversing x causes the value to go outside the signed
// 32-bit integer range [-2^31, 2^31 - 1], then return 0.

// Based on String solution
/**
 * @param {number} x
 * @return {number}
 */
var reverse = function (x) {
  const reversedInt = parseInt(
    Math.abs(x).toString().split("").reverse().join("")
  );
  if (reversedInt > 2 ** 31) return 0;

  return reversedInt * Math.sign(x);
};

// Based on Number solution
/**
 * @param {number} x
 * @return {number}
 */
var reverse = function (x) {
  const isNegative = x < 0 ? true : false;

  if (isNegative) {
    x = x * -1;
  }

  let reversed = 0;
  while (x > 0) {
    reversed = reversed * 10 + (x % 10);
    x = parseInt(x / 10);
  }

  if (reversed > 2 ** 31) {
    return 0;
  }

  return isNegative ? reversed * -1 : reversed;
};

// More optimal solution from Leetcode

/**
 * @param {number} x
 * @return {number}
 */
var reverse = function (x) {
  /*const numbers = x.toString().split('')
   	const result = []
    
    if(numbers[0] === "-"){
      	result.push('-')
        numbers.shift()
      }
    if(x > Math.pow(2, 31) -1 || x <= (Math.pow(2,31) *-1) ){
      return 0
    }
    for (let i= numbers.length-1 ; i >= 0; i--){
      result.push(numbers[i])
    }
     return +result.join("")*/

  const mul = x < 0 ? -1 : 1;
  x = x * mul;
  let y = 0;
  while (x > 9) {
    y = y * 10 + (x % 10);
    x = (x / 10) | 0;
  }
  y = y * 10 + x;
  if (y >= 2 ** 31) return 0;
  return y * mul;
};

/**
 * @param {number} x
 * @return {number}
 */
var reverse = function (x) {
  //        const limit = Math.pow(2, 31)
  //        const sign = x > 0 ? 1 : -1
  //        x = Math.abs(x).toString().split('').reverse().join('')*sign
  //     if (x < limit*-1 || x > limit - 1){
  //         return 0
  //     }
  //     return x

  let int = 0;
  const limit = Math.pow(2, 31);
  const sign = x > 0 ? 1 : -1;
  x = Math.abs(x);
  while (x !== 0) {
    let pop = x % 10;
    x = Math.floor(x / 10);
    int = int * 10 + pop;
  }
  int *= sign;
  if (int < limit * -1 || int > limit - 1) {
    return 0;
  }
  return int;
};
```
