sept-2021/sept-30-21.md, before:

**OVERALL EFFORTS**

- CAREER GROWTH - READING - Code Complete 2nd Edition
- CAREER GROWTH - COLLEGE - Admissions process for University of the People
- CAREER GROWTH - INTERVIEW PREP - Leet Code Challenges Daily to eventually complete all of them
- CAREER GROWTH - PORTFOLIO BOOST - Push to Github every day to fill out my grid!
- CAREER GROWTH - SKILLS - Shortcuts and Typing challenges daily
- CAREER GROWTH - WRITING - Regularly post Blog Content on Medium
- LIFE GOALS - SPANISH - Go through all of the DuoLingo course for Spanish
- LIFE GOALS - EXERCISE - Run regularly, alternate with plank app, and start yoga with Ellie
- LIFE GOALS - MEDITATION - Short meditation session daily
- LIFE GOALS - PHYSICAL THERAPY - Use the denner roll for the chiropractic care daily

**DOING TODAY**

- GITHUB

  - JOURNAL - Set up the daily journal, and push to Github
  - _JOURNAL - Document daily did today activities_

- SPANISH

  - _DUOLINGO - Get at least 100 points_

- READING

  - _CODE COMPLETE - Read the second chapter_

- PHYSICAL AND MENTAL HEALTH

  - _EXERCISE - Do the arm/wrist routine_
  - _PHYSICAL THERAPY - Use the denner roll for 10~15 minutes_
  - _MEDITATE - Do one meditation session on Headspace_
  - _HYDRATE - Drink at least 4 bottles of water today_

- CAREER SKILLS PRACTICE

  - LEETCODE - Solve 1 problem
  - SHORTCUTFOO - 5 minutes of practice
  - TYPERACER - 5 minutes of practice

**DID TODAY**

- EXERCISE - Morning Yoga!
- SHORTCUTFOO - 5 minutes practice!
- TYPERACER - 5 minutes practice!
- LEETCODE - Solved Problem 1929. Concatenation of Array - Code below!

**THOUGHTS**

- **TODAY'S POSITIVES**

  - Morning yoga with Ellie was a great way to wake up!

- **JOURNAL GOALS**

  - Update the README.md file to have a more interesting splash page for this repository since it will likely be the most active repo on my account

- **GOALS TODO**

  - MEDIUM - Select a day in the week that I have time to post a blog post weekly
  - MENTORING - Set a calendar reminder for mentoring sessions and invite mentees

- **FUTURE PERSONAL GOALS**
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - JOURNAL - Create a template for the blogging content
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - JOURNAL - Display quantifiable data in a visual format somehow?
    - Running data - Weight data - etc...
    - Duolingo stats
    - Textbook reading - pages per day kind of thing...
    - Leetcode challenges completed
    - Minutes practiced for shortcuts
    - Minutes practiced for typing
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - GITHUB - Update Github Overview Section to show the "secret" splashpage
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - LINKEDIN - Update LinkedIn profile to accurately depict my career changes and job accomplishments and tasks
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - MEDIUM - Create blog posts about the slide decks that I created for Pragmatic Programmer, Clean Code and Grokking Algorithms for the Tech Book Book Club

**CODING CHALLENGE**

```js
// 1929. Concatenation of Array

// Given an integer array nums of length n, you want to create an array ans of length 2n where ans[i] == nums[i] and ans[i + n] == nums[i] for 0 <= i < n (0-indexed).

// Specifically, ans is the concatenation of two nums arrays.

// Return the array ans.

/**
 * @param {number[]} nums
 * @return {number[]}
 */
var getConcatenation = function (nums) {
  return nums.concat(nums);
};

// Leveraging the methods at hand is going to almost always be the optimal solution in any higher level programming language.
```

Commit message:

Adding in content from the day

sept-2021/sept-30-21.md, after:

**OVERALL EFFORTS**

- CAREER GROWTH - READING - Code Complete 2nd Edition
- CAREER GROWTH - COLLEGE - Admissions process for University of the People
- CAREER GROWTH - INTERVIEW PREP - Leet Code Challenges Daily to eventually complete all of them
- CAREER GROWTH - PORTFOLIO BOOST - Push to Github every day to fill out my grid!
- CAREER GROWTH - SKILLS - Shortcuts and Typing challenges daily
- CAREER GROWTH - WRITING - Regularly post Blog Content on Medium
- LIFE GOALS - SPANISH - Go through all of the DuoLingo course for Spanish
- LIFE GOALS - EXERCISE - Run regularly, alternate with plank app, and start yoga with Ellie
- LIFE GOALS - MEDITATION - Short meditation session daily
- LIFE GOALS - PHYSICAL THERAPY - Use the denner roll for the chiropractic care daily

**DOING TODAY**

- GITHUB

  - JOURNAL - Set up the daily journal, and push to Github
  - _JOURNAL - Document daily did today activities_

- SPANISH

  - _DUOLINGO - Get at least 100 points_

- READING

  - _CODE COMPLETE - Read the second chapter_

- PHYSICAL AND MENTAL HEALTH

  - _EXERCISE - Do the arm/wrist routine_
  - _PHYSICAL THERAPY - Use the denner roll for 10~15 minutes_
  - _MEDITATE - Do one meditation session on Headspace_
  - _HYDRATE - Drink at least 4 bottles of water today_

- CAREER SKILLS PRACTICE

  - LEETCODE - Solve 1 problem
  - SHORTCUTFOO - 5 minutes of practice
  - TYPERACER - 5 minutes of practice

**DID TODAY**

- EXERCISE - Morning Yoga!
- SHORTCUTFOO - 5 minutes practice!
- TYPERACER - 5 minutes practice!
- LEETCODE - Solved Problem 1929. Concatenation of Array - Code below!
- COLLEGE - Looked more in depth at the course requirings and necessary credits for the computer science degree and broke down all the numbers. Need to follow up and send an email to try and get all my elective and gen ed courses transferred so I don't have to deal with them!
- SINGING - Organized a set of tags that I'm familiar with for Tag singing! Google Doc!
- COLLEGE - Finished about 3 hours of work going through all of my transcript and comparing it to the applicable transferable courses that they offered. There were 70 credits missing from the 165 credit hours that I earned.

**THOUGHTS**

- **TODAY'S POSITIVES**

  - Morning yoga with Ellie was a great way to wake up!

- **JOURNAL GOALS**

  - Update the README.md file to have a more interesting splash page for this repository since it will likely be the most active repo on my account

- **GOALS TODO**

  - MEDIUM - Select a day in the week that I have time to post a blog post weekly
  - MENTORING - Set a calendar reminder for mentoring sessions and invite mentees

- **FUTURE PERSONAL GOALS**
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - JOURNAL - Create a template for the blogging content
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - JOURNAL - Display quantifiable data in a visual format somehow?
    - Running data - Weight data - etc...
    - Duolingo stats
    - Textbook reading - pages per day kind of thing...
    - Leetcode challenges completed
    - Minutes practiced for shortcuts
    - Minutes practiced for typing
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - GITHUB - Update Github Overview Section to show the "secret" splashpage
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - LINKEDIN - Update LinkedIn profile to accurately depict my career changes and job accomplishments and tasks
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - MEDIUM - Create blog posts about the slide decks that I created for Pragmatic Programmer, Clean Code and Grokking Algorithms for the Tech Book Book Club

**CODING CHALLENGE**

```js
// 1929. Concatenation of Array

// Given an integer array nums of length n, you want to create an array ans of length 2n where ans[i] == nums[i] and ans[i + n] == nums[i] for 0 <= i < n (0-indexed).

// Specifically, ans is the concatenation of two nums arrays.

// Return the array ans.

/**
 * @param {number[]} nums
 * @return {number[]}
 */
var getConcatenation = function (nums) {
  return nums.concat(nums);
};

// Leveraging the methods at hand is going to almost always be the optimal solution in any higher level programming language.
```
