**OVERALL EFFORTS**

- CAREER GROWTH - READING - Code Complete 2nd Edition
- CAREER GROWTH - COLLEGE - Admissions process for University of the People
- CAREER GROWTH - INTERVIEW PREP - Leet Code Challenges Daily to eventually complete all of them
- CAREER GROWTH - PORTFOLIO BOOST - Push to Github every day to fill out my grid!
- CAREER GROWTH - SKILLS - Shortcuts and Typing challenges daily
- CAREER GROWTH - WRITING - Regularly post Blog Content on Medium
- LIFE GOALS - SPANISH - Go through all of the DuoLingo course for Spanish
- LIFE GOALS - EXERCISE - Run regularly, alternate with plank app, and start yoga with Ellie
- LIFE GOALS - MEDITATION - Short meditation session daily
- LIFE GOALS - PHYSICAL THERAPY - Use the denner roll for the chiropractic care daily

**DOING TODAY**

- GITHUB

  - JOURNAL - Set up the daily journal, and push to Github
  - JOURNAL - Document daily did today activities

- SPANISH

  - DUOLINGO - Get at least 100 points
  - _DUOLINGO - Stretch Goal - Complete Schedule Lessons_

- READING

  - _CODE COMPLETE - Read the second chapter_
  - _CODE COMPLETE - Stretch Goal - Read the third chapter_

- PHYSICAL AND MENTAL HEALTH

  - _EXERCISE - Plank routine on the Plank app_
  - _EXERCISE - Do the arm/wrist routine_
  - _PHYSICAL THERAPY - Use the denner roll for 10~15 minutes_
  - _MEDITATE - Do one meditation session on Headspace_
  - HYDRATE - Drink at least 4 bottles of water today

- CAREER SKILLS PRACTICE

  - _LEETCODE - Solve 1 problem_
  - SHORTCUTFOO - 5 minutes of practice
  - TYPERACER - 5 minutes of practice

**DID TODAY**

- CHORES - Went through the mail today
- CHORES - Took my daily medicine!
- JOURNAL - Set up the daily journal, saved and pushed to github
- WATER - Drank 1 bottle of water
- WATER - Drank 2 bottles of water
- DUOLINGO - 137 points for today
- WATER - Drank 3 bottles of water
- DUOLINGO - 200+ points for today!
- SHORTCUTFOO - 5 minutes of practice
- MENTORED - Did one session with Dylan today, and it went really well!
- MENTORED - Set up recurring zoom meetings with Heggy
- BOOKCLUB - Ran the book club meeting!

**THOUGHTS**

- **TODAY'S POSITIVES**

  - Still really enjoying the process of journaling personal goals! It really helps me keep my thoughts together!
  - I really did an incredible amount of work today within the desktop application for work! I'm super proud of myself :]
  - Had a lot of fun at the barbershop meetup group that was sponsored by the college kids. Feel like I really blowed their mind with the 8-part lover come back tag
  - Enjoyed my first meeting with Dylan a lot. Felt like I could contribute a lot to advice for his interviewing process
  - Book club went great and we had a really solid discussion this week! Really enjoy having a more full experience with more members!

- **JOURNAL GOALS**

  - Update the README.md file to have a more interesting splash page for this repository since it will likely be the most active repo on my account

- **GOALS TODO**

  - MEDIUM - Select a day in the week that I have time to post a blog post weekly
  - MENTORING - Set a calendar reminder for mentoring sessions and invite mentees

- **FUTURE PERSONAL GOALS**
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - JOURNAL - Create a template for the blogging content
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - JOURNAL - Display quantifiable data in a visual format somehow?
    - Running data - Weight data - etc...
    - Duolingo stats
    - Textbook reading - pages per day kind of thing...
    - Leetcode challenges completed
    - Minutes practiced for shortcuts
    - Minutes practiced for typing
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - GITHUB - Update Github Overview Section to show the "secret" splashpage
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - LINKEDIN - Update LinkedIn profile to accurately depict my career changes and job accomplishments and tasks
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - MEDIUM - Create blog posts about the slide decks that I created for Pragmatic Programmer, Clean Code and Grokking Algorithms for the Tech Book Book Club

**CODING CHALLENGE**
