sept-2021/sept-28-21.md, before:

**OVERALL EFFORTS**

- CAREER GROWTH - READING - Code Complete 2nd Edition
- CAREER GROWTH - COLLEGE - Admissions process for University of the People
- CAREER GROWTH - INTERVIEW PREP - Leet Code Challenges Daily to eventually complete all of them
- CAREER GROWTH - PORTFOLIO BOOST - Push to Github every day to fill out my grid!
- CAREER GROWTH - SKILLS - Shortcuts and Typing challenges daily
- CAREER GROWTH - WRITING - Regularly post Blog Content on Medium
- LIFE GOALS - SPANISH - Go through all of the DuoLingo course for Spanish
- LIFE GOALS - EXERCISE - Run regularly, and start yoga with Ellie
- LIFE GOALS - MEDITATION - Short meditation session daily
- LIFE GOALS - PHYSICAL THERAPY - Use the denner roll for the chiropractic care daily

**DOING TODAY**

- GITHUB

  - _Journal and push to Github_

- SPANISH

  - _DuoLingo to finish Travel 2 circle_

- READING

  - _Code Complete - Label book_
  - Code Complete - Read the preface
  - Code Complete - Read the first chapter

- PHYSICAL AND MENTAL HEALTH

  - _Go for a run with the pre and post stretch routines_
  - _Do one meditation session on Headspace_
  - _Do the arm/wrist routine_
  - _Drink at least 4 bottles of water today_
  - _Use the denner roll for 10~15 minutes_

- CAREER SKILLS PRACTICE
  - _LEETCODE - Solve 1 problem_
  - _SHORTCUTFOO - 5 minutes of practice_
  - _TYPERACER - 5 minutes of practice_

**DID TODAY**

- SPANISH - Earned 569 experience today, Level 5 on Travel 2, and did 2 lessons in Schedule
- CAREER SKILLS PRACTICE - SHORTCUTFOO - Shortcutfoo 5 minutes!
- PHYSICAL AND MENTAL HEALTH - Arms and Wrists exercises complete!
- CAREER SKILLS PRACTICE - TYPERACER - Typing 5 minutes!
- READING - Code Complete - Labeled all the chapters with tabs
- CAREER SKILLS PRACTICE - LEETCODE - Problem 7. Reverse Integer - Challenge on bottom
- PHYSICAL AND MENTAL HEALTH - Ran 2.5 miles and did the pre/post stretch routine!
- PHYSICAL AND MENTAL HEALTH - Drank 4 water bottles!
- PHYSICAL AND MENTAL HEALTH - Did a 10 minute meditation!
- PHYSICAL AND MENTAL HEALTH - Used the denner roll for 10 minutes!
- NETWORKING - Connected two developer friends that shared similar interests on LinkedIn

**THOUGHTS**

- **TODAY'S POSITIVES**

  - I enjoyed creating this personal formatted markdown file, and I'm looking forward to continuing to work on it in the future!
  - I'm proud of myself for knocking out the daily goals today! Checking off the checkboxes feels great :] I am interested in seeing how tomorrow will go with two mentoring sessions and tech book book club!
  - I'm happy to have great friends in my life that can help me keep the big picture in mind when I'm feeling thoughts of inadequacy and imposter's syndrome. Everyone is very supportive, and I couldn't be happier with the people that I reached out to for support!
  - I'm super proud of Ellie hitting her target on the practice GMAT, and I'm going to try and support her in studying to the best of my ability on the weekends so she can be successful in her goals!

- **NEXT GOALS**

  - Update the README.md file to have a more interesting splash page for this repository since it will likely be the most active repo on my account

- **FUTURE GOALS**
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - JOURNAL - Create a template for the blogging content
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - JOURNAL - Display quantifiable data in a visual format somehow?
    - Running data - Weight data - etc...
    - Duolingo stats
    - Textbook reading - pages per day kind of thing...
    - Leetcode challenges completed
    - Minutes practiced for shortcuts
    - Minutes practiced for typing
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - GITHUB - Update Github Overview Section to show the "secret" splashpage
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - LINKEDIN - Update LinkedIn profile to accurately depict my career changes and job accomplishments and tasks
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - MEDIUM - Create blog posts about the slide decks that I created for Pragmatic Programmer, Clean Code and Grokking Algorithms for the Tech Book Book Club

**CODING CHALLENGE**

```js
// 7. Reverse Integer
// Given a signed 32-bit integer x, return x with its digits reversed.
// If reversing x causes the value to go outside the signed
// 32-bit integer range [-2^31, 2^31 - 1], then return 0.

// Based on String solution
/**
 * @param {number} x
 * @return {number}
 */
var reverse = function (x) {
  const reversedInt = parseInt(
    Math.abs(x).toString().split("").reverse().join("")
  );
  if (reversedInt > 2 ** 31) return 0;

  return reversedInt * Math.sign(x);
};

// Based on Number solution
/**
 * @param {number} x
 * @return {number}
 */
var reverse = function (x) {
  const isNegative = x < 0 ? true : false;

  if (isNegative) {
    x = x * -1;
  }

  let reversed = 0;
  while (x > 0) {
    reversed = reversed * 10 + (x % 10);
    x = parseInt(x / 10);
  }

  if (reversed > 2 ** 31) {
    return 0;
  }

  return isNegative ? reversed * -1 : reversed;
};

// More optimal solution from Leetcode

/**
 * @param {number} x
 * @return {number}
 */
var reverse = function (x) {
  /*const numbers = x.toString().split('')
   	const result = []
    
    if(numbers[0] === "-"){
      	result.push('-')
        numbers.shift()
      }
    if(x > Math.pow(2, 31) -1 || x <= (Math.pow(2,31) *-1) ){
      return 0
    }
    for (let i= numbers.length-1 ; i >= 0; i--){
      result.push(numbers[i])
    }
     return +result.join("")*/

  const mul = x < 0 ? -1 : 1;
  x = x * mul;
  let y = 0;
  while (x > 9) {
    y = y * 10 + (x % 10);
    x = (x / 10) | 0;
  }
  y = y * 10 + x;
  if (y >= 2 ** 31) return 0;
  return y * mul;
};

/**
 * @param {number} x
 * @return {number}
 */
var reverse = function (x) {
  //        const limit = Math.pow(2, 31)
  //        const sign = x > 0 ? 1 : -1
  //        x = Math.abs(x).toString().split('').reverse().join('')*sign
  //     if (x < limit*-1 || x > limit - 1){
  //         return 0
  //     }
  //     return x

  let int = 0;
  const limit = Math.pow(2, 31);
  const sign = x > 0 ? 1 : -1;
  x = Math.abs(x);
  while (x !== 0) {
    let pop = x % 10;
    x = Math.floor(x / 10);
    int = int * 10 + pop;
  }
  int *= sign;
  if (int < limit * -1 || int > limit - 1) {
    return 0;
  }
  return int;
};
```

Commit message:

Read the preface to code complete!

sept-2021/sept-28-21.md, after:

**OVERALL EFFORTS**

- CAREER GROWTH - READING - Code Complete 2nd Edition
- CAREER GROWTH - COLLEGE - Admissions process for University of the People
- CAREER GROWTH - INTERVIEW PREP - Leet Code Challenges Daily to eventually complete all of them
- CAREER GROWTH - PORTFOLIO BOOST - Push to Github every day to fill out my grid!
- CAREER GROWTH - SKILLS - Shortcuts and Typing challenges daily
- CAREER GROWTH - WRITING - Regularly post Blog Content on Medium
- LIFE GOALS - SPANISH - Go through all of the DuoLingo course for Spanish
- LIFE GOALS - EXERCISE - Run regularly, and start yoga with Ellie
- LIFE GOALS - MEDITATION - Short meditation session daily
- LIFE GOALS - PHYSICAL THERAPY - Use the denner roll for the chiropractic care daily

**DOING TODAY**

- GITHUB

  - _Journal and push to Github_

- SPANISH

  - _DuoLingo to finish Travel 2 circle_

- READING

  - _Code Complete - Label book_
  - Code Complete - Read the preface
  - Code Complete - Read the first chapter

- PHYSICAL AND MENTAL HEALTH

  - _Go for a run with the pre and post stretch routines_
  - _Do one meditation session on Headspace_
  - _Do the arm/wrist routine_
  - _Drink at least 4 bottles of water today_
  - _Use the denner roll for 10~15 minutes_

- CAREER SKILLS PRACTICE
  - _LEETCODE - Solve 1 problem_
  - _SHORTCUTFOO - 5 minutes of practice_
  - _TYPERACER - 5 minutes of practice_

**DID TODAY**

- SPANISH - Earned 569 experience today, Level 5 on Travel 2, and did 2 lessons in Schedule
- CAREER SKILLS PRACTICE - SHORTCUTFOO - Shortcutfoo 5 minutes!
- PHYSICAL AND MENTAL HEALTH - Arms and Wrists exercises complete!
- CAREER SKILLS PRACTICE - TYPERACER - Typing 5 minutes!
- READING - Code Complete - Labeled all the chapters with tabs
- CAREER SKILLS PRACTICE - LEETCODE - Problem 7. Reverse Integer - Challenge on bottom
- PHYSICAL AND MENTAL HEALTH - Ran 2.5 miles and did the pre/post stretch routine!
- PHYSICAL AND MENTAL HEALTH - Drank 4 water bottles!
- PHYSICAL AND MENTAL HEALTH - Did a 10 minute meditation!
- PHYSICAL AND MENTAL HEALTH - Used the denner roll for 10 minutes!
- NETWORKING - Connected two developer friends that shared similar interests on LinkedIn
- READING - Code Complete - Finished the Preface, and it was totally worth the read!

**THOUGHTS**

- **TODAY'S POSITIVES**

  - I enjoyed creating this personal formatted markdown file, and I'm looking forward to continuing to work on it in the future!
  - I'm proud of myself for knocking out the daily goals today! Checking off the checkboxes feels great :] I am interested in seeing how tomorrow will go with two mentoring sessions and tech book book club!
  - I'm happy to have great friends in my life that can help me keep the big picture in mind when I'm feeling thoughts of inadequacy and imposter's syndrome. Everyone is very supportive, and I couldn't be happier with the people that I reached out to for support!
  - I'm super proud of Ellie hitting her target on the practice GMAT, and I'm going to try and support her in studying to the best of my ability on the weekends so she can be successful in her goals!

- **NEXT GOALS**

  - Update the README.md file to have a more interesting splash page for this repository since it will likely be the most active repo on my account

- **FUTURE GOALS**
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - JOURNAL - Create a template for the blogging content
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - JOURNAL - Display quantifiable data in a visual format somehow?
    - Running data - Weight data - etc...
    - Duolingo stats
    - Textbook reading - pages per day kind of thing...
    - Leetcode challenges completed
    - Minutes practiced for shortcuts
    - Minutes practiced for typing
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - GITHUB - Update Github Overview Section to show the "secret" splashpage
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - LINKEDIN - Update LinkedIn profile to accurately depict my career changes and job accomplishments and tasks
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - MEDIUM - Create blog posts about the slide decks that I created for Pragmatic Programmer, Clean Code and Grokking Algorithms for the Tech Book Book Club

**CODING CHALLENGE**

```js
// 7. Reverse Integer
// Given a signed 32-bit integer x, return x with its digits reversed.
// If reversing x causes the value to go outside the signed
// 32-bit integer range [-2^31, 2^31 - 1], then return 0.

// Based on String solution
/**
 * @param {number} x
 * @return {number}
 */
var reverse = function (x) {
  const reversedInt = parseInt(
    Math.abs(x).toString().split("").reverse().join("")
  );
  if (reversedInt > 2 ** 31) return 0;

  return reversedInt * Math.sign(x);
};

// Based on Number solution
/**
 * @param {number} x
 * @return {number}
 */
var reverse = function (x) {
  const isNegative = x < 0 ? true : false;

  if (isNegative) {
    x = x * -1;
  }

  let reversed = 0;
  while (x > 0) {
    reversed = reversed * 10 + (x % 10);
    x = parseInt(x / 10);
  }

  if (reversed > 2 ** 31) {
    return 0;
  }

  return isNegative ? reversed * -1 : reversed;
};

// More optimal solution from Leetcode

/**
 * @param {number} x
 * @return {number}
 */
var reverse = function (x) {
  /*const numbers = x.toString().split('')
   	const result = []
    
    if(numbers[0] === "-"){
      	result.push('-')
        numbers.shift()
      }
    if(x > Math.pow(2, 31) -1 || x <= (Math.pow(2,31) *-1) ){
      return 0
    }
    for (let i= numbers.length-1 ; i >= 0; i--){
      result.push(numbers[i])
    }
     return +result.join("")*/

  const mul = x < 0 ? -1 : 1;
  x = x * mul;
  let y = 0;
  while (x > 9) {
    y = y * 10 + (x % 10);
    x = (x / 10) | 0;
  }
  y = y * 10 + x;
  if (y >= 2 ** 31) return 0;
  return y * mul;
};

/**
 * @param {number} x
 * @return {number}
 */
var reverse = function (x) {
  //        const limit = Math.pow(2, 31)
  //        const sign = x > 0 ? 1 : -1
  //        x = Math.abs(x).toString().split('').reverse().join('')*sign
  //     if (x < limit*-1 || x > limit - 1){
  //         return 0
  //     }
  //     return x

  let int = 0;
  const limit = Math.pow(2, 31);
  const sign = x > 0 ? 1 : -1;
  x = Math.abs(x);
  while (x !== 0) {
    let pop = x % 10;
    x = Math.floor(x / 10);
    int = int * 10 + pop;
  }
  int *= sign;
  if (int < limit * -1 || int > limit - 1) {
    return 0;
  }
  return int;
};
```
