# Journal for February 3rd, 2022 

## OVERALL EFFORTS

### Main objectives for this month!

- GITHUB - Daily Journaling
- SPANISH - Go through all of the DuoLingo course for Spanish [31/273 Nodes Complete]
- WALK - Daily walk/run
- READ - Read Head First Design Patterns for Book Club
- SCHOOL - Work through and keep up with all UoPeople Content for Programming 101
- PULLUP - Work on upper body strength by doing pull ups

### TO-DO

- SPANISH - Stay in Diamond League, and keep the streak alive!
- GITHUB - Set up the daily journal, and push to Github! Include updates throughout the day!
- WALK - Go for a walk or a run! Bonus points to go with Ellie! (Can also sub in a yoga routine with Ellie if necessary)
- SCAN - Scan some music into the Google Drive, and sort them into sections!
- PULLUP - Do at least 1 pullup!
- WATER - 2 to 1 ratio for soda consumption (soda or soda water)
- UOPEOPLE - Keep up to date with objectives, and finish all weekly content by Sunday!
- READ - Read at least 10 pages a day to keep up with the pace needed for book club, and create a slide deck immediately after finishing a chapter.

### DONE

- GITHUB - Added today's journal!
- WALK - Went out for lunch with Ellie!

### POSITIVES

- Ellie is really excited about potentially getting some big news today!

### THOUGHTS AND NOTES

#### TODO

- Transfer blog content creation to Linked In!
- Transfer and host original blog content within my own domain as well. Maybe on my portfolio site!
- Update portfolio site to be accurate to the tech stack that I am most familiar with.
- Update Github Overview Section to show the "secret" splashpage
- Schedule and plan with Ellie a time period to regularly clean up and polish our resumes and linked in profiles
- Rehost tech book book club slides on Github to share with everyone
- Announce and publicize information about book club more often!

#### FUTURE OBJECTIVE IDEAS

- Linked In post daily
- Twitter post daily
- Blog post daily
- WhyNotBarbershop post daily
- Do the 100 days of code challenge with an actual project
- Take Wes Bos video course daily for 1 hour
- Take Level Up Tutorials course daily for 1 hour
- Take a Linked In Learning course daily for 1 hour - on management, devops, UX/UI, cloud development, etc...
- Go through a Google Cert. program
- Daily planks
- Daily run/walk
- Daily meditation
- Daily brainstorming of 10 app ideas
- Daily typing challenges
- 5 algorithm challenges a day
