# Journal for January 6th, 2022

## OVERALL EFFORTS

### Main objectives for this month!

- GITHUB - Daily Journaling
- SPANISH - Go through all of the DuoLingo course for Spanish [31/273 Nodes Complete]
- WALK - Daily walk/run
- SCAN - Work to scan all music and documents that we have
- SING - Give Ellie daily vocal lessons!

### TO-DO

- SPANISH - Get half a bubble on Duo Lingo! Keep the streak alive!
- GITHUB - Set up the daily journal, and push to Github! Include updates throughout the day!
- WALK - Go for a walk or a run! Bonus points to go with Ellie! (Can also sub in a yoga routine with Ellie if necessary)
- SCAN - Scan some music into the Google Drive, and sort them into sections!
- SING - Teach Ellie at least one vocal warm up!

### DONE

- GITHUB - Added today's journal!
- SCAN - Scanned in 4 pieces of music!
- WALK - Walked to the office to check on the status of the work order for the maintenance at our apartment, and checked the mail!

### POSITIVES

- Solidified that the work order will be set to be handled on Monday for both issues
- Was able to help Ellie think of multiple routes to tackle her automation functions not working in Excel
- Had a good conversation with Ellie at lunch about her cruddy meeting this morning, and was able to empathize with her situation

### THOUGHTS AND NOTES

#### TODO

- Transfer blog content creation to Linked In!
- Transfer and host original blog content within my own domain as well. Maybe on my portfolio site!
- Update portfolio site to be accurate to the tech stack that I am most familiar with.
- Update Github Overview Section to show the "secret" splashpage
- Schedule and plan with Ellie a time period to regularly clean up and polish our resumes and linked in profiles
- Rehost tech book book club slides on Github to share with everyone
- Announce and publicize information about book club more often!

#### FUTURE OBJECTIVE IDEAS

- Linked In post daily
- Twitter post daily
- Blog post daily
- WhyNotBarbershop post daily
- Do the 100 days of code challenge with an actual project
- Take Wes Bos video course daily for 1 hour
- Take Level Up Tutorials course daily for 1 hour
- Take a Linked In Learning course daily for 1 hour - on management, devops, UX/UI, cloud development, etc...
- Go through a Google Cert. program
- Daily planks
- Daily run/walk
- Daily meditation
- Daily brainstorming of 10 app ideas
- Daily typing challenges
- 5 algorithm challenges a day
