# Journal for January 1st, 2022

## OVERALL EFFORTS

### 3 main objectives for this month!

- GITHUB - Daily Journaling
- SPANISH - Go through all of the DuoLingo course for Spanish [31/273 Nodes Complete]
- WALK - Daily walk/run
- SCAN - Work to scan all music and documents that we have

### TO-DO

- SPANISH - Get half a bubble on Duo Lingo! Keep the streak alive!
- GITHUB - Set up the daily journal, and push to Github! Include updates throughout the day!
- WALK - Go for a walk or a run! Bonus points to go with Ellie!
- SCAN - Work on scanning in sheet music and documents in the office

### DONE

- GITHUB - Added today's journal!
- DUOLINGO - Finished the To Be bubble! Got the legendaries filled in!
- WALK - Went on a great walk and talk around the neighborhood with Ellie!
- SCAN - Set up the new printer, linked it with my Google Drive, scanned in the first piece of sheet music!

### POSITIVES

- Got the printer set up!
- Was able to get Ellie out of her funk from yesterday by going on a good good walk!
- Set up good acheivable goals for this month!
- Realized that I could actually get my other 4.5 star characters to 5 stars without much additional effort! Knocked out 2 yesterday!!

### THOUGHTS AND NOTES

#### TODO

- Transfer blog content creation to Linked In!
- Transfer and host original blog content within my own domain as well. Maybe on my portfolio site!
- Update portfolio site to be accurate to the tech stack that I am most familiar with.
- Update Github Overview Section to show the "secret" splashpage
- Schedule and plan with Ellie a time period to regularly clean up and polish our resumes and linked in profiles
- Rehost tech book book club slides on Github to share with everyone
- Announce and publicize information about book club more often!

#### FUTURE OBJECTIVE IDEAS

- Linked In post daily
- Twitter post daily
- Blog post daily
- WhyNotBarbershop post daily
- Do the 100 days of code challenge with an actual project
- Take Wes Bos video course daily for 1 hour
- Take Level Up Tutorials course daily for 1 hour
- Take a Linked In Learning course daily for 1 hour - on management, devops, UX/UI, cloud development, etc...
- Go through a Google Cert. program
- Daily planks
- Daily run/walk
- Daily meditation
- Daily brainstorming of 10 app ideas
- Daily typing challenges
- 5 algorithm challenges a day
