# Notes for Week 1

Love this quote - "While many students first think of peer assessment as a necessary chore, the truth is that peer assessment is a learning activity that challenges you to apply critical thinking as you read and evaluate your peer’s assignment."

Peer grading is a great process where you have an opportunity to not only share your knowledge and teach, but it gives you the chance to solidify your own knowledge as well when considering the viewpoints of others.

They even follow up with this quote after the fact, "While peer assessment doesn’t always involve conversation, it does involve a number of skills that will enhance your own learning. You’ll need to read carefully, and to assess, you’ll need to understand the concepts you’re assessing. The best way to understand something is to teach it - when peer assessing, you will reach a deeper understanding of course concepts."

### Online Peer Assessment Doc

The Point: "In the literature, there are indications that OPA, as an alternative assessment method, is gaining a significant position in higher education, being one of its proposals to increase student-student, student-teacher and student-content interactions through constructive feedback, as well as involve the student in the process of assessing their own learning. Reported in a wide range of knowledge areas, OPA has been encouraged by assuring anonymity of authorship more efficiently by allowing students to express freely their ideas about the work of their peers and reduce restrictions related to time and location; by promoting a more honest and fair assessment; for helping to resolve issues related to the workload of teachers and classes with large numbers of students; and allowing to save time with classification (Issa, 2012; Bouchoucha & Wozniak, 2010; Dominguez et al., 2012)."

Based off of this quote from the article, I would be curious how the fact that UoPeople does not have anonymity within it's peer review structure for the discussion varies from it's anonymous written assignment feedback.

Additionally, I am curious what the impact may be from a University where the professor requires their own textbook as materials for the course, and how the student's feedback of the material might be impacted in that situation. I do not think that there will be professors at UoPeople that have this conflict of interest tied to them, but it would be interesting to see the data based on that unique situation.

In section 2.1 in the article there was a typo for the word "purpose" spelled "porpuse", which is interesting to see within a highly academic styled paper.

I like the fact that they cited all of the referred articles in Table 1, because those of us that may be intrigued to continue learning about this subject matter can dig deeper and go straight to the sources ourselves.

One of the largest facets of the programming and development industry is code reviews and pull requests/approval processes. These processes utilize peer review to approve code bases or provide feedback about what needs to be updated to be approved in the future. Training these skills within this online platform will be a wonderful method to refine these abilities for future employment opportunities for those that are trying to get into the tech industry.

"In the articles analysed, the number of participating students of each OPA was 27 to 312 (n = 27, 69, 76, 93, 95, 157, 163, 267, 312)."

Based on the number of students that are enrolled with UoPeople, I think that an updated article with newer information put out by the university would show some fascinating results.

"The peer group organization leads the integration of assessment with cooperative work, in order to enable the development of communication skills, leadership, time management, problem solving, decision making and increase the responsibility of the student from the results that must be generated by his/her group. In addition, due to its dynamics, the group organization can provide more interesting learning experiences from the student's point of view and more effective from the teacher's point of view, as well as generate new ideas from different perspectives, which leads to more instances of constructive discussions and debates."

Some of these concepts are difficult to prove with data. I am curious what standards they had to have in order to show improvement in "leadership" for example.

On the idea between quantitative and qualitative, I think that the quantitative approach would be more apt for this situation of peer review. Our instintive ability to judge something comes easier than to explain why we believe that something is deserving of the scores. Over time you can develop the skill set to explain and justify your scores to a higher degree, but one should be capable of giving a numerical grade based off of a rubric as a lower barrier of entry. During my time as a teacher this was one of the reasons why we made the students evaluate and give themselves feedback after every one of their concerts. The reflection and evaluation solidified their learning process to a higher degree than simply performing.
