**OVERALL EFFORTS**

- CAREER GROWTH - READING - Code Complete 2nd Edition
- CAREER GROWTH - COLLEGE - Admissions process for University of the People
- CAREER GROWTH - INTERVIEW PREP - Leet Code Challenges Daily to eventually complete all of them
- CAREER GROWTH - PORTFOLIO BOOST - Push to Github every day to fill out my grid!
- CAREER GROWTH - SKILLS - Shortcuts and Typing challenges daily
- CAREER GROWTH - WRITING - Regularly post Blog Content on Medium
- LIFE GOALS - SPANISH - Go through all of the DuoLingo course for Spanish
- LIFE GOALS - EXERCISE - Run regularly, alternate with plank app, and start yoga with Ellie
- LIFE GOALS - MEDITATION - Short meditation session daily
- LIFE GOALS - PHYSICAL THERAPY - Use the denner roll for the chiropractic care daily

**DOING TODAY**

- GITHUB

  - JOURNAL - Set up the daily journal, and push to Github
  - JOURNAL - Document daily did today activities

- SPANISH

  - DUOLINGO - Get at least 100 points

- READING

  - CODE COMPLETE - Read the second chapter
  - _CODE COMPLETE - Try and push to hit the target of 200 pages by the end of the weekend_

- PHYSICAL AND MENTAL HEALTH

  - _HYDRATE - Drink at least 4 bottles of water today_
  - _EXERCISE - Do the arm/wrist routine_
  - _EXERCISE - Go for a run today_
  - FITNESS - Weigh myself on the weight tracking app
  - _PHYSICAL THERAPY - Use the denner roll for 10~15 minutes_
  - _MEDITATE - Do one meditation session on Headspace_

- CAREER SKILLS PRACTICE

  - LEETCODE - Solve 1 problem
  - SHORTCUTFOO - 5 minutes of practice
  - TYPERACER - 5 minutes of practice

**DID TODAY**

- COLLEGE - Went over the email to send with the clarification on transcript transferable courses with Ellie and sent the email to Iman with the full list of missing couses
- GITHUB - Set up the journal for the day! It's a new month!
- HYDRATE - Drank 1 bottle of water!
- SHORTCUTFOO - Did 5 minutes of shortcut practice!
- LEETCODE - 2. Add Two Numbers
- HYDRATE - Drank 2 bottles of water!
- READING - Read Ch. 2 of Code Complete!
- DUOLINGO - Earned way over 100 points today!!
- FITNESS - Weighed myself today!

**THOUGHTS**

- **TODAY'S POSITIVES**

- Jeff was a great positive influence today since he was helping me through the issues with connection to the databases, and he was supporting me in that my efforts.

- **JOURNAL GOALS**

  - Update the README.md file to have a more interesting splash page for this repository since it will likely be the most active repo on my account

- **GOALS TODO**

  - MEDIUM - Select a day in the week that I have time to post a blog post weekly
  - MENTORING - Set a calendar reminder for mentoring sessions and invite mentees

- **FUTURE PERSONAL GOALS**
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - JOURNAL - Create a template for the blogging content
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - JOURNAL - Display quantifiable data in a visual format somehow?
    - Running data - Weight data - etc...
    - Duolingo stats
    - Textbook reading - pages per day kind of thing...
    - Leetcode challenges completed
    - Minutes practiced for shortcuts
    - Minutes practiced for typing
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - GITHUB - Update Github Overview Section to show the "secret" splashpage
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - LINKEDIN - Update LinkedIn profile to accurately depict my career changes and job accomplishments and tasks
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - MEDIUM - Create blog posts about the slide decks that I created for Pragmatic Programmer, Clean Code and Grokking Algorithms for the Tech Book Book Club

**CODING CHALLENGE**

```js
// 2. Add Two Numbers

// You are given two non-empty linked lists representing two non-negative integers. The digits are stored in reverse order, and each of their nodes contains a single digit. Add the two numbers and return the sum as a linked list.

// You may assume the two numbers do not contain any leading zero, except the number 0 itself.

/**
 * Definition for singly-linked list.
 * function ListNode(val, next) {
 *     this.val = (val===undefined ? 0 : val)
 *     this.next = (next===undefined ? null : next)
 * }
 */
/**
 * @param {ListNode} l1
 * @param {ListNode} l2
 * @return {ListNode}
 */
var addTwoNumbers = function (l1, l2) {
  // Convert a ListNode to an array of its digits in reverse order
  function ConvertReverseListNodeToArray(listNode) {
    // Initialise an array to return
    let returnedArray = [];

    // Check if there is another level to the ListNode
    if (listNode.next != null) {
      // Merge the current array with the result of calling the function again on the next level
      returnedArray = returnedArray.concat(
        ConvertReverseListNodeToArray(listNode.next)
      );
    }

    // Add the current node's value to the returned array
    returnedArray.push(listNode.val);

    // Return the constructed array
    return returnedArray;
  }

  // Convert the ListNodes to Arrays
  const l1Array = ConvertReverseListNodeToArray(l1);
  const l2Array = ConvertReverseListNodeToArray(l2);

  // Add the numbers (after merging them), using BigInt due to LeetCode's edge cases
  let newTotal = BigInt(l1Array.join("")) + BigInt(l2Array.join(""));

  // Split the total back into an array
  splitNewTotal = newTotal.toString().split("");

  // Initialise an empty ListNode
  let returnedListNode = null;

  // Loop through the total value's array
  for (let i = 0; i < splitNewTotal.length; i++) {
    // Add this digit to the ListNode
    returnedListNode = {
      val: splitNewTotal[i],
      next: returnedListNode,
    };
  }

  // Return the constructed ListNode
  return returnedListNode;
};
```
