oct-2021/oct-5-21.md, before:

**OVERALL EFFORTS**

- CAREER GROWTH - READING - Code Complete 2nd Edition
- CAREER GROWTH - COLLEGE - Admissions process for University of the People
- CAREER GROWTH - INTERVIEW PREP - Leet Code Challenges Daily to eventually complete all of them
- CAREER GROWTH - PORTFOLIO BOOST - Push to Github every day to fill out my grid!
- CAREER GROWTH - SKILLS - Shortcuts and Typing challenges daily
- CAREER GROWTH - WRITING - Regularly post Blog Content on Medium
- LIFE GOALS - SPANISH - Go through all of the DuoLingo course for Spanish
- LIFE GOALS - EXERCISE - Run regularly, alternate with plank app, and start yoga with Ellie
- LIFE GOALS - MEDITATION - Short meditation session daily
- LIFE GOALS - PHYSICAL THERAPY - Use the denner roll for the chiropractic care daily

**DOING TODAY**

- GITHUB

  - JOURNAL - Set up the daily journal, and push to Github
  - _JOURNAL - Document daily did today activities_

- SPANISH

  - _DUOLINGO - Get at least 100 points_

- READING

  - _CODE COMPLETE - Finish Chapter 5_

- PHYSICAL AND MENTAL HEALTH

  - _HYDRATE - Drink at least 4 bottles of water today_
  - _EXERCISE - Do the arm/wrist routine_
  - FITNESS - Weigh myself on the weight tracking app
  - _FITNESS - Go for a run_
  - _PHYSICAL THERAPY - Use the denner roll for 10~15 minutes_
  - _MEDITATE - Do one meditation session on Headspace_
  - _FASTING - Make an attempt to only eat one meal during the day_

- CAREER SKILLS PRACTICE

  - _LEETCODE - Solve 1 problem_
  - _SHORTCUTFOO - 5 minutes of practice_
  - _TYPERACER - 5 minutes of practice_

**DID TODAY**

- JOURNAL - Set up today's journal!
- CAREER - Signed up for a Tech Conference
- MENTORING - Set up a recurring event for the Mentoring session with Dylan
- MENTORING - Cancelled the Mentoring session with Heggy
- FITNESS - Weighed myself and hit a new low!! 168.8 lbs!! Back in the 160s!
- FASTING - Fasted through lunch!
- DUOLINGO - Worked on a few lessons during the waiting for my lunch today! Need to catch up to the rest of the leaderboard either tonight, or tomorrow!

**THOUGHTS**

- **TODAY'S POSITIVES**

- Signed up for a tech conference!! Excited about the networking, interacting and people that we're going to meet. Also excited about getting a snapshot of the tech world in Atlanta!
- Dom introduced us to the barbershop couch surfing community, which has a whopping 1600 members!

- **JOURNAL GOALS**

  - Update the README.md file to have a more interesting splash page for this repository since it will likely be the most active repo on my account

- **GOALS TODO**

  - MEDIUM - Select a day in the week that I have time to post a blog post weekly
  - MENTORING - Set a calendar reminder for mentoring sessions and invite mentees

- **FUTURE PERSONAL GOALS**
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - JOURNAL - Create a template for the blogging content
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - JOURNAL - Display quantifiable data in a visual format somehow?
    - Running data - Weight data - etc...
    - Duolingo stats
    - Textbook reading - pages per day kind of thing...
    - Leetcode challenges completed
    - Minutes practiced for shortcuts
    - Minutes practiced for typing
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - GITHUB - Update Github Overview Section to show the "secret" splashpage
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - LINKEDIN - Update LinkedIn profile to accurately depict my career changes and job accomplishments and tasks
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - MEDIUM - Create blog posts about the slide decks that I created for Pragmatic Programmer, Clean Code and Grokking Algorithms for the Tech Book Book Club

**CODING CHALLENGE**

```js

```

Commit message:

Included updates for oct-5 and adjusted some headers

oct-2021/oct-5-21.md, after:

**OVERALL EFFORTS**

- CAREER GROWTH - READING - Code Complete 2nd Edition
- CAREER GROWTH - COLLEGE - Admissions process for University of the People
- CAREER GROWTH - INTERVIEW PREP - Leet Code Challenges Daily to eventually complete all of them
- CAREER GROWTH - PORTFOLIO BOOST - Push to Github every day to fill out my grid!
- CAREER GROWTH - SKILLS - Shortcuts and Typing challenges daily
- CAREER GROWTH - WRITING - Regularly post Blog Content on Medium
- LIFE GOALS - SPANISH - Go through all of the DuoLingo course for Spanish
- LIFE GOALS - EXERCISE - Run regularly, alternate with plank app, and start yoga with Ellie
- LIFE GOALS - MEDITATION - Short meditation session daily
- LIFE GOALS - PHYSICAL THERAPY - Use the denner roll for the chiropractic care daily

**DOING TODAY**

- GITHUB

  - JOURNAL - Set up the daily journal, and push to Github

- SPANISH

  - _DUOLINGO - Get at least 100 points_

- PHYSICAL AND MENTAL HEALTH

  - _HYDRATE - Drink at least 4 bottles of water today_
  - _EXERCISE - Do the arm/wrist routine_
  - FITNESS - Weigh myself on the weight tracking app
  - _FITNESS - Go for a run_
  - _PHYSICAL THERAPY - Use the denner roll for 10~15 minutes_
  - _MEDITATE - Do one meditation session on Headspace_
  - _FASTING - Make an attempt to only eat one meal during the day_

- CAREER

  - _LEETCODE - Solve 1 problem_
  - _SHORTCUTFOO - 5 minutes of practice_
  - _TYPERACER - 5 minutes of practice_
  - _UOPEOPLE - Go through the emails to/from Iman and break down the courses I want to transfer and the reason why, with the courses that they apply for within the program_
  - _READING - CODE COMPLETE - Finish Chapter 5_
  - _GITHUB - JOURNAL - Set up the daily journal, and push to Github_
  - _GITHUB - JOURNAL - Include updates throughout the day, and push content to Github_

**DID TODAY**

- GITHUB - JOURNAL - Set up today's journal!
- CAREER - Signed up for a Tech Conference
- MENTORING - Set up a recurring event for the Mentoring session with Dylan
- MENTORING - Cancelled the Mentoring session with Heggy
- FITNESS - Weighed myself and hit a new low!! 168.8 lbs!! Back in the 160s!
- FASTING - Fasted through lunch!
- DUOLINGO - Worked on a few lessons during the waiting for my lunch today! Need to catch up to the rest of the leaderboard either tonight, or tomorrow!

**THOUGHTS**

- **TODAY'S POSITIVES**

- Signed up for a tech conference!! Excited about the networking, interacting and people that we're going to meet. Also excited about getting a snapshot of the tech world in Atlanta!
- Dom introduced us to the barbershop couch surfing community, which has a whopping 1600 members!

- **JOURNAL GOALS**

  - Update the README.md file to have a more interesting splash page for this repository since it will likely be the most active repo on my account

- **GOALS TODO**

  - MEDIUM - Select a day in the week that I have time to post a blog post weekly
  - MENTORING - Set a calendar reminder for mentoring sessions and invite mentees

- **FUTURE PERSONAL GOALS**
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - JOURNAL - Create a template for the blogging content
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - JOURNAL - Display quantifiable data in a visual format somehow?
    - Running data - Weight data - etc...
    - Duolingo stats
    - Textbook reading - pages per day kind of thing...
    - Leetcode challenges completed
    - Minutes practiced for shortcuts
    - Minutes practiced for typing
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - GITHUB - Update Github Overview Section to show the "secret" splashpage
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - LINKEDIN - Update LinkedIn profile to accurately depict my career changes and job accomplishments and tasks
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - MEDIUM - Create blog posts about the slide decks that I created for Pragmatic Programmer, Clean Code and Grokking Algorithms for the Tech Book Book Club

**CODING CHALLENGE**

```js

```
