**OVERALL EFFORTS**

- CAREER GROWTH - READING - Code Complete 2nd Edition
- CAREER GROWTH - COLLEGE - Admissions process for University of the People
- CAREER GROWTH - INTERVIEW PREP - Leet Code Challenges Daily to eventually complete all of them
- CAREER GROWTH - PORTFOLIO BOOST - Push to Github every day to fill out my grid!
- CAREER GROWTH - SKILLS - Shortcuts and Typing challenges daily
- CAREER GROWTH - WRITING - Regularly post Blog Content on Medium
- LIFE GOALS - SPANISH - Go through all of the DuoLingo course for Spanish
- LIFE GOALS - EXERCISE - Run regularly, alternate with plank app, and start yoga with Ellie
- LIFE GOALS - MEDITATION - Short meditation session daily
- LIFE GOALS - PHYSICAL THERAPY - Use the denner roll for the chiropractic care daily

**DOING TODAY**

- SPANISH

  - _DUOLINGO - Get at least 100 points_

- PHYSICAL AND MENTAL HEALTH

  - _FITNESS - Go for a run_
  - _FITNESS - Do the arm/wrist routine_
  - _FITNESS - Plank app_
  - _FITNESS - Yoga app_
  - _FITNESS - Weigh myself on the weight tracking app_
  - _HYDRATE - Drink at least 4 bottles of water today_
  - _PHYSICAL THERAPY - Use the denner roll for 10~15 minutes_
  - _MEDITATE - Do one meditation session on Headspace_
  - _FASTING - Make an attempt to only eat one meal during the day_
  - _VITAMINS - Men's Vitamins and Red Yeast Rice_

- CAREER

  - _LEETCODE - Solve 1 problem_
  - _SHORTCUTFOO - 5 minutes of practice_
  - _TYPERACER - 5 minutes of practice_
  - _READING - CODE COMPLETE - Read at least 10 pages_
  - _GITHUB - JOURNAL - Set up the daily journal, and push to Github_
  - _GITHUB - JOURNAL - Include updates throughout the day, and push content to Github_
  - _UOPEOPLE - COURSEWORK - Work on course work for my current courses_

**DID TODAY**

- JOURNAL - Added today's journal
- DUOLINGO - Hit the daily quota!
- SHORTCUTS - 5 minutes!
- TYPING - 5 minutes!
- LEETCODE - Problem 26. Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array
- MEETUP - Github Universe Today!!
- MEETUP - ToastMasters Meetup!

**THOUGHTS**

- **TODAY'S POSITIVES**

- Learned a lot of information about Github, and took a lot of notes!
- The cloud tools are making more sense and leveraging a lot of the things that I'm not familiar with!
- Was able to get the WITSML content to work pretty easily once I got it to show up!!

- **JOURNAL GOALS**

  - Update the README.md file to have a more interesting splash page for this repository since it will likely be the most active repo on my account

- **GOALS TODO**

  - BLOGGING - Transfer blog content creation to Linked In! Also, transfer and host original content within my own domain as well. Probably add this to my portfolio website that is hosted on Github Pages.
  - BLOGGING - Select a day in the week that I have time to post a blog post weekly (maybe daily?)

- **FUTURE PERSONAL GOALS**
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - JOURNAL - Create a template for the blogging content
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - JOURNAL - Display quantifiable data in a visual format somehow?
    - Running data - Weight data - etc...
    - Duolingo stats
    - Textbook reading - pages per day kind of thing...
    - Leetcode challenges completed
    - Minutes practiced for shortcuts
    - Minutes practiced for typing
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - GITHUB - Update Github Overview Section to show the "secret" splashpage
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - LINKEDIN - Update LinkedIn profile to accurately depict my career changes and job accomplishments and tasks
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - MEDIUM - Create blog posts about the slide decks that I created for Pragmatic Programmer, Clean Code and Grokking Algorithms for the Tech Book Book Club
  - LEARNING - HASHICORP - Advice from Derek, "Honestly to learn HashiCorp specifically start with building stuff on Vagrant. You can built almost anything other than cloud vendor specific resources with Vagrant alone and most if not all of the project repos provide you a Vagrantfile to get started with. After that AWS will have the most example content. Start with easier concepts like provisioning a VPC/VM. But yeah, Vagrant is your huckleberry to start"

**CODING CHALLENGE**

1.  Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array

Given an integer array nums sorted in non-decreasing order, remove the duplicates in-place such that each unique element appears only once. The relative order of the elements should be kept the same.

Since it is impossible to change the length of the array in some languages, you must instead have the result be placed in the first part of the array nums. More formally, if there are k elements after removing the duplicates, then the first k elements of nums should hold the final result. It does not matter what you leave beyond the first k elements.

Return k after placing the final result in the first k slots of nums.

Do not allocate extra space for another array. You must do this by modifying the input array in-place with O(1) extra memory.

Custom Judge:

The judge will test your solution with the following code:

int[] nums = [...]; // Input array
int[] expectedNums = [...]; // The expected answer with correct length

int k = removeDuplicates(nums); // Calls your implementation

assert k == expectedNums.length;
for (int i = 0; i < k; i++) {
    assert nums[i] == expectedNums[i];
}
If all assertions pass, then your solution will be accepted.

 

Example 1:

Input: nums = [1,1,2]
Output: 2, nums = [1,2,_]
Explanation: Your function should return k = 2, with the first two elements of nums being 1 and 2 respectively.
It does not matter what you leave beyond the returned k (hence they are underscores).
Example 2:

Input: nums = [0,0,1,1,1,2,2,3,3,4]
Output: 5, nums = [0,1,2,3,4,_,_,_,_,_]
Explanation: Your function should return k = 5, with the first five elements of nums being 0, 1, 2, 3, and 4 respectively.
It does not matter what you leave beyond the returned k (hence they are underscores).
 

Constraints:

0 <= nums.length <= 3 * 104
-100 <= nums[i] <= 100
nums is sorted in non-decreasing order.

```js
// Fiddled with it for a while, and came up with this that wouldn't work...

var removeDuplicates = function(nums) {
    let numsLength = nums.length;
    let newArray = [];
    
    while (nums.length !== 0) {
        let value = nums.pop();
        if (newArray.length === 0) {
            newArray.push(value);
        } else if (newArray[(newArray.length - 1)] !== value) {
            newArray.push(value);
        }
    }
    
    newArray = newArray.reverse();
    
    let k = newArray.length;
    
    while (newArray.length !== numsLength) {
        newArray.push(0)
    }
    
    nums.concat(newArray)
    
    return k; 
};

// Just googled the answer got this article here
// https://github.com/BaffinLee/leetcode-javascript/blob/master/001-100/26.%20Remove%20Duplicates%20from%20Sorted%20Array.md

var removeDuplicates = function(nums) {
  var len = nums.length;
  var last = NaN;
  var count = 0;
  for (var i = 0; i < len; i++) {
    if (nums[i] !== last) {
      nums[count] = nums[i];
      last = nums[i];
      count++;
    }
  }
  return count;
};

// Faster Solution

var removeDuplicates = function(nums) {
  let i = 0;
  for(j= 1; j< nums.length; j++) {
    if(nums[i] !== nums[j]) {
      i++;
      nums[i] = nums[j]
    }
  }
  return i + 1;
};

// Better Memory Solution

  var prev = null;
  var p =0 ;
  nums.forEach((v,i) => {
    if(prev==null || v!=prev){
      nums[p++] = v;
      prev = v;
    }
  })
  return p;
```
