oct-2021/oct-13-21.md, before:

**OVERALL EFFORTS**

- CAREER GROWTH - READING - Code Complete 2nd Edition
- CAREER GROWTH - COLLEGE - Admissions process for University of the People
- CAREER GROWTH - INTERVIEW PREP - Leet Code Challenges Daily to eventually complete all of them
- CAREER GROWTH - PORTFOLIO BOOST - Push to Github every day to fill out my grid!
- CAREER GROWTH - SKILLS - Shortcuts and Typing challenges daily
- CAREER GROWTH - WRITING - Regularly post Blog Content on Medium
- LIFE GOALS - SPANISH - Go through all of the DuoLingo course for Spanish
- LIFE GOALS - EXERCISE - Run regularly, alternate with plank app, and start yoga with Ellie
- LIFE GOALS - MEDITATION - Short meditation session daily
- LIFE GOALS - PHYSICAL THERAPY - Use the denner roll for the chiropractic care daily

**DOING TODAY**

- SPANISH

  <!-- - _DUOLINGO - Get at least 100 points_ -->

- PHYSICAL AND MENTAL HEALTH

  - _FITNESS - Go for a run_
    <!-- - _FITNESS - Do the arm/wrist routine_ -->
    <!-- - _FITNESS - Plank app_ -->
    <!-- - _FITNESS - Yoga app_ -->
    <!-- - _FITNESS - Weigh myself on the weight tracking app_ -->
  - _HYDRATE - Drink at least 4 bottles of water today_
    <!-- - _PHYSICAL THERAPY - Use the denner roll for 10~15 minutes_ -->
    <!-- - _MEDITATE - Do one meditation session on Headspace_ -->
    <!-- - _FASTING - Make an attempt to only eat one meal during the day_ -->

- CAREER

  <!-- - _LEETCODE - Solve 1 problem_ -->
  <!-- - _SHORTCUTFOO - 5 minutes of practice_ -->
  <!-- - _TYPERACER - 5 minutes of practice_ -->

  - _READING - CODE COMPLETE - Read at least 10 pages_
  <!-- - _GITHUB - JOURNAL - Set up the daily journal, and push to Github_ -->
  - _GITHUB - JOURNAL - Include updates throughout the day, and push content to Github_

**DID TODAY**

- DUOLINGO - Crushing it and earned over 1300 points today.
- JOURNAL - Started up today's journal
- TYPERACER - Typeracer 5 minutes
- SHORTCUTFOO - ShortcutFoo 5 minutes
- LEETCODE - Leetcode #1920 - info below
- FITNESS - Weighed myself today! 171
- FASTING - Fasted through Breakfast
- FASTING - Fasted through Lunch
- FITNESS - Yoga App
- FITNESS - Plank App
- FITNESS - Arm/Wrist Routine
- MEDITATE - One 10 minute meditation session
- PHYSCIAL THERAPY - Denner roll for 12 minutes
- HYDRATE - 1 bottle down!

**THOUGHTS**

- **TODAY'S POSITIVES**

- Proud that I am still climbing the ranks in the duolingo scene, and have gotten an over 20 day streak with the course! I have now gotten 21 lesson circles up to "legendary" status, and only 20 left to get to the next gateway in the program!
- Happy that the FF7 Orchestra concert will require vacinations and masks!

- **JOURNAL GOALS**

  - Update the README.md file to have a more interesting splash page for this repository since it will likely be the most active repo on my account

- **GOALS TODO**

  - BLOGGING - Transfer blog content creation to Linked In!
  - BLOGGING - Select a day in the week that I have time to post a blog post weekly
  - MENTORING - Set a calendar reminder for mentoring sessions and invite mentees

- **FUTURE PERSONAL GOALS**
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - JOURNAL - Create a template for the blogging content
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - JOURNAL - Display quantifiable data in a visual format somehow?
    - Running data - Weight data - etc...
    - Duolingo stats
    - Textbook reading - pages per day kind of thing...
    - Leetcode challenges completed
    - Minutes practiced for shortcuts
    - Minutes practiced for typing
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - GITHUB - Update Github Overview Section to show the "secret" splashpage
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - LINKEDIN - Update LinkedIn profile to accurately depict my career changes and job accomplishments and tasks
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - MEDIUM - Create blog posts about the slide decks that I created for Pragmatic Programmer, Clean Code and Grokking Algorithms for the Tech Book Book Club

**CODING CHALLENGE**

```js
//1920. Build Array from Permutation

// Given a zero-based permutation nums (0-indexed), build an array ans of the same length where ans[i] = nums[nums[i]] for each 0 <= i < nums.length and return it.

// A zero-based permutation nums is an array of distinct integers from 0 to nums.length - 1 (inclusive).

// Example 1:
// Input: nums = [0,2,1,5,3,4]
// Output: [0,1,2,4,5,3]
// Explanation: The array ans is built as follows:
// ans = [nums[nums[0]], nums[nums[1]], nums[nums[2]], nums[nums[3]], nums[nums[4]], nums[nums[5]]]
//     = [nums[0], nums[2], nums[1], nums[5], nums[3], nums[4]]
//     = [0,1,2,4,5,3]

// Example 2:
// Input: nums = [5,0,1,2,3,4]
// Output: [4,5,0,1,2,3]
// Explanation: The array ans is built as follows:
// ans = [nums[nums[0]], nums[nums[1]], nums[nums[2]], nums[nums[3]], nums[nums[4]], nums[nums[5]]]
//     = [nums[5], nums[0], nums[1], nums[2], nums[3], nums[4]]
//     = [4,5,0,1,2,3]

// Constraints:

// 1 <= nums.length <= 1000
// 0 <= nums[i] < nums.length
// The elements in nums are distinct.

// My answer

var buildArray = function (nums) {
  let ans = [];

  for (let i = 0; i < nums.length; i++) {
    ans[i] = nums[nums[i]];
  }

  return ans;
};

// Better Memory answer

function buildArray(nums) {
  return nums.map((i, index) => nums[nums[index]]);
}
```

Commit message:

Updating yesteray oct-13 and adding today oct-14

oct-2021/oct-13-21.md, after:

**OVERALL EFFORTS**

- CAREER GROWTH - READING - Code Complete 2nd Edition
- CAREER GROWTH - COLLEGE - Admissions process for University of the People
- CAREER GROWTH - INTERVIEW PREP - Leet Code Challenges Daily to eventually complete all of them
- CAREER GROWTH - PORTFOLIO BOOST - Push to Github every day to fill out my grid!
- CAREER GROWTH - SKILLS - Shortcuts and Typing challenges daily
- CAREER GROWTH - WRITING - Regularly post Blog Content on Medium
- LIFE GOALS - SPANISH - Go through all of the DuoLingo course for Spanish
- LIFE GOALS - EXERCISE - Run regularly, alternate with plank app, and start yoga with Ellie
- LIFE GOALS - MEDITATION - Short meditation session daily
- LIFE GOALS - PHYSICAL THERAPY - Use the denner roll for the chiropractic care daily

**DOING TODAY**

- SPANISH

  <!-- - _DUOLINGO - Get at least 100 points_ -->

- PHYSICAL AND MENTAL HEALTH

  - _FITNESS - Go for a run_
    <!-- - _FITNESS - Do the arm/wrist routine_ -->
    <!-- - _FITNESS - Plank app_ -->
    <!-- - _FITNESS - Yoga app_ -->
    <!-- - _FITNESS - Weigh myself on the weight tracking app_ -->
  - _HYDRATE - Drink at least 4 bottles of water today_
    <!-- - _PHYSICAL THERAPY - Use the denner roll for 10~15 minutes_ -->
    <!-- - _MEDITATE - Do one meditation session on Headspace_ -->
    <!-- - _FASTING - Make an attempt to only eat one meal during the day_ -->

- CAREER

  <!-- - _LEETCODE - Solve 1 problem_ -->
  <!-- - _SHORTCUTFOO - 5 minutes of practice_ -->
  <!-- - _TYPERACER - 5 minutes of practice_ -->

  - _READING - CODE COMPLETE - Read at least 10 pages_
  <!-- - _GITHUB - JOURNAL - Set up the daily journal, and push to Github_ -->
  - _GITHUB - JOURNAL - Include updates throughout the day, and push content to Github_

**DID TODAY**

- DUOLINGO - Crushing it and earned over 1300 points today.
- JOURNAL - Started up today's journal
- TYPERACER - Typeracer 5 minutes
- SHORTCUTFOO - ShortcutFoo 5 minutes
- LEETCODE - Leetcode #1920 - info below
- FITNESS - Weighed myself today! 171
- FASTING - Fasted through Breakfast
- FASTING - Fasted through Lunch
- FITNESS - Yoga App
- FITNESS - Plank App
- FITNESS - Arm/Wrist Routine
- MEDITATE - One 10 minute meditation session
- PHYSCIAL THERAPY - Denner roll for 12 minutes
- HYDRATE - 1 bottle down!
- HYDRATE - 2 bottles down!
- BOOK CLUB - Lead the book club!
- MENTORING - Spoke with Dylan and gave him more homework to work on!

**THOUGHTS**

- **TODAY'S POSITIVES**

- Proud that I am still climbing the ranks in the duolingo scene, and have gotten an over 20 day streak with the course! I have now gotten 21 lesson circles up to "legendary" status, and only 20 left to get to the next gateway in the program!
- Happy that the FF7 Orchestra concert will require vacinations and masks!
- Great conversation with Dylan today!
- Great book club session as well!

- **JOURNAL GOALS**

  - Update the README.md file to have a more interesting splash page for this repository since it will likely be the most active repo on my account

- **GOALS TODO**

  - BLOGGING - Transfer blog content creation to Linked In!
  - BLOGGING - Select a day in the week that I have time to post a blog post weekly
  - MENTORING - Set a calendar reminder for mentoring sessions and invite mentees

- **FUTURE PERSONAL GOALS**
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - JOURNAL - Create a template for the blogging content
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - JOURNAL - Display quantifiable data in a visual format somehow?
    - Running data - Weight data - etc...
    - Duolingo stats
    - Textbook reading - pages per day kind of thing...
    - Leetcode challenges completed
    - Minutes practiced for shortcuts
    - Minutes practiced for typing
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - GITHUB - Update Github Overview Section to show the "secret" splashpage
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - LINKEDIN - Update LinkedIn profile to accurately depict my career changes and job accomplishments and tasks
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - MEDIUM - Create blog posts about the slide decks that I created for Pragmatic Programmer, Clean Code and Grokking Algorithms for the Tech Book Book Club

**CODING CHALLENGE**

```js
//1920. Build Array from Permutation

// Given a zero-based permutation nums (0-indexed), build an array ans of the same length where ans[i] = nums[nums[i]] for each 0 <= i < nums.length and return it.

// A zero-based permutation nums is an array of distinct integers from 0 to nums.length - 1 (inclusive).

// Example 1:
// Input: nums = [0,2,1,5,3,4]
// Output: [0,1,2,4,5,3]
// Explanation: The array ans is built as follows:
// ans = [nums[nums[0]], nums[nums[1]], nums[nums[2]], nums[nums[3]], nums[nums[4]], nums[nums[5]]]
//     = [nums[0], nums[2], nums[1], nums[5], nums[3], nums[4]]
//     = [0,1,2,4,5,3]

// Example 2:
// Input: nums = [5,0,1,2,3,4]
// Output: [4,5,0,1,2,3]
// Explanation: The array ans is built as follows:
// ans = [nums[nums[0]], nums[nums[1]], nums[nums[2]], nums[nums[3]], nums[nums[4]], nums[nums[5]]]
//     = [nums[5], nums[0], nums[1], nums[2], nums[3], nums[4]]
//     = [4,5,0,1,2,3]

// Constraints:

// 1 <= nums.length <= 1000
// 0 <= nums[i] < nums.length
// The elements in nums are distinct.

// My answer

var buildArray = function (nums) {
  let ans = [];

  for (let i = 0; i < nums.length; i++) {
    ans[i] = nums[nums[i]];
  }

  return ans;
};

// Better Memory answer

function buildArray(nums) {
  return nums.map((i, index) => nums[nums[index]]);
}
```
