oct-2021/oct-8-21.md, before:

**OVERALL EFFORTS**

- CAREER GROWTH - READING - Code Complete 2nd Edition
- CAREER GROWTH - COLLEGE - Admissions process for University of the People
- CAREER GROWTH - INTERVIEW PREP - Leet Code Challenges Daily to eventually complete all of them
- CAREER GROWTH - PORTFOLIO BOOST - Push to Github every day to fill out my grid!
- CAREER GROWTH - SKILLS - Shortcuts and Typing challenges daily
- CAREER GROWTH - WRITING - Regularly post Blog Content on Medium
- LIFE GOALS - SPANISH - Go through all of the DuoLingo course for Spanish
- LIFE GOALS - EXERCISE - Run regularly, alternate with plank app, and start yoga with Ellie
- LIFE GOALS - MEDITATION - Short meditation session daily
- LIFE GOALS - PHYSICAL THERAPY - Use the denner roll for the chiropractic care daily

**DOING TODAY**

- SPANISH

  - _DUOLINGO - Get at least 100 points_

- PHYSICAL AND MENTAL HEALTH

  - _FITNESS - Go for a run_
  - _FITNESS - Do the arm/wrist routine_
  - _FITNESS - Plank app_
  - _FITNESS - Yoga app_
  - _FITNESS - Weigh myself on the weight tracking app_
  - _HYDRATE - Drink at least 4 bottles of water today_
  - _PHYSICAL THERAPY - Use the denner roll for 10~15 minutes_
  - _MEDITATE - Do one meditation session on Headspace_
  - _FASTING - Make an attempt to only eat one meal during the day_

- CAREER

  - _LEETCODE - Solve 1 problem_
  - _SHORTCUTFOO - 5 minutes of practice_
  - _TYPERACER - 5 minutes of practice_
  - _UOPEOPLE - Follow up on responses from UoPeople staff_
  - _READING - CODE COMPLETE - Read at least 10 pages_
  - _GITHUB - JOURNAL - Set up the daily journal, and push to Github_
  - _GITHUB - JOURNAL - Include updates throughout the day, and push content to Github_

**DID TODAY**

**THOUGHTS**

- **TODAY'S POSITIVES**

- **JOURNAL GOALS**

  - Update the README.md file to have a more interesting splash page for this repository since it will likely be the most active repo on my account

- **GOALS TODO**

  - MEDIUM - Select a day in the week that I have time to post a blog post weekly
  - MENTORING - Set a calendar reminder for mentoring sessions and invite mentees

- **FUTURE PERSONAL GOALS**
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - JOURNAL - Create a template for the blogging content
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - JOURNAL - Display quantifiable data in a visual format somehow?
    - Running data - Weight data - etc...
    - Duolingo stats
    - Textbook reading - pages per day kind of thing...
    - Leetcode challenges completed
    - Minutes practiced for shortcuts
    - Minutes practiced for typing
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - GITHUB - Update Github Overview Section to show the "secret" splashpage
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - LINKEDIN - Update LinkedIn profile to accurately depict my career changes and job accomplishments and tasks
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - MEDIUM - Create blog posts about the slide decks that I created for Pragmatic Programmer, Clean Code and Grokking Algorithms for the Tech Book Book Club

**CODING CHALLENGE**

```js

```

Commit message:

Added today's structure and daily tasks for yesterday and today oct-9

oct-2021/oct-8-21.md, after:

**OVERALL EFFORTS**

- CAREER GROWTH - READING - Code Complete 2nd Edition
- CAREER GROWTH - COLLEGE - Admissions process for University of the People
- CAREER GROWTH - INTERVIEW PREP - Leet Code Challenges Daily to eventually complete all of them
- CAREER GROWTH - PORTFOLIO BOOST - Push to Github every day to fill out my grid!
- CAREER GROWTH - SKILLS - Shortcuts and Typing challenges daily
- CAREER GROWTH - WRITING - Regularly post Blog Content on Medium
- LIFE GOALS - SPANISH - Go through all of the DuoLingo course for Spanish
- LIFE GOALS - EXERCISE - Run regularly, alternate with plank app, and start yoga with Ellie
- LIFE GOALS - MEDITATION - Short meditation session daily
- LIFE GOALS - PHYSICAL THERAPY - Use the denner roll for the chiropractic care daily

**DOING TODAY**

- SPANISH

  - _DUOLINGO - Get at least 100 points_

- PHYSICAL AND MENTAL HEALTH

  - _FITNESS - Go for a run_
  - _FITNESS - Do the arm/wrist routine_
  - _FITNESS - Plank app_
  - _FITNESS - Yoga app_
  - _FITNESS - Weigh myself on the weight tracking app_
  - _HYDRATE - Drink at least 4 bottles of water today_
  - _PHYSICAL THERAPY - Use the denner roll for 10~15 minutes_
  - _MEDITATE - Do one meditation session on Headspace_
  - _FASTING - Make an attempt to only eat one meal during the day_

- CAREER

  - _LEETCODE - Solve 1 problem_
  - _SHORTCUTFOO - 5 minutes of practice_
  - _TYPERACER - 5 minutes of practice_
  - _UOPEOPLE - Follow up on responses from UoPeople staff_
  - _READING - CODE COMPLETE - Read at least 10 pages_
  - _GITHUB - JOURNAL - Set up the daily journal, and push to Github_
  - _GITHUB - JOURNAL - Include updates throughout the day, and push content to Github_

**DID TODAY**

- DUOLINGO - Earned 100 points today!!
- CHORES - Packed and drove to Atlanta for the Tech Conference!
- AUDIOBOOK - Listened to an hour of Work Rules!

**THOUGHTS**

- **TODAY'S POSITIVES**

  - Had a great time playing board games and hanging out with Alex
  - Super excited about Buccee's being on the route to Atlanta
  - Was able to make the drive fairly painlessly, and didn't make it into Alex's too late!

- **JOURNAL GOALS**

  - Update the README.md file to have a more interesting splash page for this repository since it will likely be the most active repo on my account

- **GOALS TODO**

  - MEDIUM - Select a day in the week that I have time to post a blog post weekly
  - MENTORING - Set a calendar reminder for mentoring sessions and invite mentees

- **FUTURE PERSONAL GOALS**
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - JOURNAL - Create a template for the blogging content
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - JOURNAL - Display quantifiable data in a visual format somehow?
    - Running data - Weight data - etc...
    - Duolingo stats
    - Textbook reading - pages per day kind of thing...
    - Leetcode challenges completed
    - Minutes practiced for shortcuts
    - Minutes practiced for typing
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - GITHUB - Update Github Overview Section to show the "secret" splashpage
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - LINKEDIN - Update LinkedIn profile to accurately depict my career changes and job accomplishments and tasks
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - MEDIUM - Create blog posts about the slide decks that I created for Pragmatic Programmer, Clean Code and Grokking Algorithms for the Tech Book Book Club

**CODING CHALLENGE**

```js

```
