**OVERALL EFFORTS**

- CAREER GROWTH - READING - Code Complete 2nd Edition
- CAREER GROWTH - COLLEGE - Admissions process for University of the People
- CAREER GROWTH - INTERVIEW PREP - Leet Code Challenges Daily to eventually complete all of them
- CAREER GROWTH - PORTFOLIO BOOST - Push to Github every day to fill out my grid!
- CAREER GROWTH - SKILLS - Shortcuts and Typing challenges daily
- CAREER GROWTH - WRITING - Regularly post Blog Content on Medium
- LIFE GOALS - SPANISH - Go through all of the DuoLingo course for Spanish
- LIFE GOALS - EXERCISE - Run regularly, alternate with plank app, and start yoga with Ellie
- LIFE GOALS - MEDITATION - Short meditation session daily
- LIFE GOALS - PHYSICAL THERAPY - Use the denner roll for the chiropractic care daily

**DOING TODAY**

- SPANISH

  - _DUOLINGO - Get at least 100 points_

- PHYSICAL AND MENTAL HEALTH

  - _FITNESS - Go for a run_
  - _FITNESS - Do the arm/wrist routine_
  - _FITNESS - Plank app_
  - _FITNESS - Yoga app_
  - _FITNESS - Weigh myself on the weight tracking app_
  - _HYDRATE - Drink at least 4 bottles of water today_
  - _PHYSICAL THERAPY - Use the denner roll for 10~15 minutes_
  - _MEDITATE - Do one meditation session on Headspace_
  - _FASTING - Make an attempt to only eat one meal during the day_
  - _VITAMINS - Men's Vitamins and Red Yeast Rice_

- CAREER

  - _LEETCODE - Solve 1 problem_
  - _SHORTCUTFOO - 5 minutes of practice_
  - _TYPERACER - 5 minutes of practice_
  - _READING - CODE COMPLETE - Read at least 10 pages_
  - _GITHUB - JOURNAL - Set up the daily journal, and push to Github_
  - _GITHUB - JOURNAL - Include updates throughout the day, and push content to Github_

**DID TODAY**

- JOURNAL - Set up the journal for the day!
- DUOLINGO - Knocked out 4 lessons today!
- FITNESS - Weighed myself - 169.7
- SHORTCUTFOO - 5 minutes
- TYPERACER - 5 minutes - broke my record! 108 wpm!
- LEETCODE - Problem 20 Valid Parentheses - Info below
- MEETUP - Attended the Brighter Web meetup in the background while working on coding, was interesting stuff, with a majority of bloggers utilizing word press as their tool of choice

**THOUGHTS**

- **TODAY'S POSITIVES**

- Reached out to both of my brothers and was able to let both of them know when we are going to be in town so we can firm up the visitation between us.
- Got some good things to consider from Josh when it comes to buying a tablet for my schooling.
- Had a good conversation with Mom on the drive to barbershop
- Had a good time singing at barbershop!

- **JOURNAL GOALS**

  - Update the README.md file to have a more interesting splash page for this repository since it will likely be the most active repo on my account

- **GOALS TODO**

  - BLOGGING - Transfer blog content creation to Linked In!
  - BLOGGING - Select a day in the week that I have time to post a blog post weekly

- **FUTURE PERSONAL GOALS**
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - JOURNAL - Create a template for the blogging content
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - JOURNAL - Display quantifiable data in a visual format somehow?
    - Running data - Weight data - etc...
    - Duolingo stats
    - Textbook reading - pages per day kind of thing...
    - Leetcode challenges completed
    - Minutes practiced for shortcuts
    - Minutes practiced for typing
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - GITHUB - Update Github Overview Section to show the "secret" splashpage
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - LINKEDIN - Update LinkedIn profile to accurately depict my career changes and job accomplishments and tasks
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - MEDIUM - Create blog posts about the slide decks that I created for Pragmatic Programmer, Clean Code and Grokking Algorithms for the Tech Book Book Club
  - LEARNING - HASHICORP - Advice from Derek, "Honestly to learn HashiCorp specifically start with building stuff on Vagrant. You can built almost anything other than cloud vendor specific resources with Vagrant alone and most if not all of the project repos provide you a Vagrantfile to get started with. After that AWS will have the most example content. Start with easier concepts like provisioning a VPC/VM. But yeah, Vagrant is your huckleberry to start"

**CODING CHALLENGE**

20. Valid Parentheses

Given a string s containing just the characters '(', ')', '{', '}', '[' and ']', determine if the input string is valid.

An input string is valid if:

Open brackets must be closed by the same type of brackets.
Open brackets must be closed in the correct order.

Example 1:

Input: s = "()"
Output: true
Example 2:

Input: s = "()[]{}"
Output: true
Example 3:

Input: s = "(]"
Output: false
Example 4:

Input: s = "([)]"
Output: false
Example 5:

Input: s = "{[]}"
Output: true

Constraints:

1 <= s.length <= 104
s consists of parentheses only '()[]{}'.

```js
// First attempt - Did really bad brute forcing... Why did I convert to and from a string?

/**
 * @param {string} s
 * @return {boolean}
 */
var isValid = function (s) {
  let lengthVal = s.length;

  if (lengthVal === 1 || lengthVal % 2) {
    return false;
  }

  let str = "";

  for (let i = 0; i < lengthVal; i++) {
    let char = s[i];

    if (char === "(" || char === "[" || char === "{") {
      str += char;
    } else {
      if (char === "}") {
        str = str.split("");
        let compareChar = str.pop();
        if (compareChar !== "{") {
          return false;
        } else {
          if (str.length !== 0) {
            str = str.join("");
          } else {
            str = "";
          }
        }
      } else if (char === "]") {
        str = str.split("");
        let compareChar = str.pop();
        if (compareChar !== "[") {
          return false;
        } else {
          if (str.length !== 0) {
            str = str.join("");
          } else {
            str = "";
          }
        }
      } else {
        str = str.split("");
        let compareChar = str.pop();
        if (compareChar !== "(") {
          return false;
        } else {
          if (str.length !== 0) {
            str = str.join("");
          } else {
            str = "";
          }
        }
      }
    }
  }

  return str === "";
};

// Speed Performant - basically a simplified version of what I did with too many checks and variables

/**
 * @param {string} s
 * @return {boolean}
 */
var isValid = function (s) {
  let arr = [];
  for (let char of s) {
    if (char === "(") {
      arr.push(")");
    } else if (char === "[") {
      arr.push("]");
    } else if (char === "{") {
      arr.push("}");
    } else {
      if (arr[arr.length - 1] !== char) {
        return false;
      } else {
        arr.pop();
      }
    }
  }
  return arr.length === 0;
};

// Memory Performant - I like this one, hash table solution!

/**
 * @param {string} s
 * @return {boolean}
 */
var isValid = function (s) {
  const match = {
    "(": ")",
    "{": "}",
    "[": "]",
  };

  const stack = [];

  for (const letter of s) {
    if (!match[letter]) {
      if (letter != stack.pop()) return false;
    } else {
      stack.push(match[letter]);
    }
  }

  return !stack.length;
};
```
