**OVERALL EFFORTS**

- CAREER GROWTH - READING - Code Complete 2nd Edition
- CAREER GROWTH - COLLEGE - Admissions process for University of the People
- CAREER GROWTH - INTERVIEW PREP - Leet Code Challenges Daily to eventually complete all of them
- CAREER GROWTH - PORTFOLIO BOOST - Push to Github every day to fill out my grid!
- CAREER GROWTH - SKILLS - Shortcuts and Typing challenges daily
- CAREER GROWTH - WRITING - Regularly post Blog Content on Medium
- LIFE GOALS - SPANISH - Go through all of the DuoLingo course for Spanish
- LIFE GOALS - EXERCISE - Run regularly, alternate with plank app, and start yoga with Ellie
- LIFE GOALS - MEDITATION - Short meditation session daily
- LIFE GOALS - PHYSICAL THERAPY - Use the denner roll for the chiropractic care daily

**DOING TODAY**

- SPANISH

  <!-- - _DUOLINGO - Get at least 100 points_ -->

- PHYSICAL AND MENTAL HEALTH

  - _FITNESS - Go for a run_
  - _FITNESS - Do the arm/wrist routine_
    <!-- - _FITNESS - Plank app_ -->
    <!-- - _FITNESS - Yoga app_ -->
    <!-- - _FITNESS - Weigh myself on the weight tracking app_ -->
  - _HYDRATE - Drink at least 4 bottles of water today_
  - _PHYSICAL THERAPY - Use the denner roll for 10~15 minutes_
  - _MEDITATE - Do one meditation session on Headspace_
  - _FASTING - Make an attempt to only eat one meal during the day_

- CAREER

  - _LEETCODE - Solve 1 problem_
  - _SHORTCUTFOO - 5 minutes of practice_
  - _TYPERACER - 5 minutes of practice_
  <!-- - _UOPEOPLE - Follow up on responses from UoPeople staff_ -->
  - _READING - CODE COMPLETE - Read at least 10 pages_
  <!-- - _GITHUB - JOURNAL - Set up the daily journal, and push to Github_ -->
  - _GITHUB - JOURNAL - Include updates throughout the day, and push content to Github_

**DID TODAY**

- GITHUB - JOURNAL - Set up today's journal!
- FITNESS - Did a plank app routine!
- FITNESS - Did a yoga app routine!
- FITNESS - Weight myself @ 170.8!
- HYDRATE - Drank 1 water bottle!
- CHORES - Check the air mattress and messaged Alex about space and Ellie that it worked!
- BOOK CLUB - Remdinded everyone that book club is tonight!
- DUOLINGO - Over 100 points for the day!
- UOPEOPLE - Followed up to Iman's response to my email from yesterday
- HYDRATE - Drank a bottle of water!
- CHORES - Set up with Alex further details about crashing at his place on Friday
- BOOK CLUB - Lead the session!
- DUOLINGO - Hit over 1400 points today to take over 1st place for the week.

**THOUGHTS**

- **TODAY'S POSITIVES**

- Our air mattress filled up fine, so we're most likely going to crash at Alex's place!
- Alex likes board games, and is excited about us coming over on Friday!
- Had a really good discussion with the book club today!
- Climbed past 6 competitors to the top score of the week in duolingo bracket

- **JOURNAL GOALS**

  - Update the README.md file to have a more interesting splash page for this repository since it will likely be the most active repo on my account

- **GOALS TODO**

  - MEDIUM - Select a day in the week that I have time to post a blog post weekly
  - MENTORING - Set a calendar reminder for mentoring sessions and invite mentees

- **FUTURE PERSONAL GOALS**
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - JOURNAL - Create a template for the blogging content
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - JOURNAL - Display quantifiable data in a visual format somehow?
    - Running data - Weight data - etc...
    - Duolingo stats
    - Textbook reading - pages per day kind of thing...
    - Leetcode challenges completed
    - Minutes practiced for shortcuts
    - Minutes practiced for typing
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - GITHUB - Update Github Overview Section to show the "secret" splashpage
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - LINKEDIN - Update LinkedIn profile to accurately depict my career changes and job accomplishments and tasks
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - MEDIUM - Create blog posts about the slide decks that I created for Pragmatic Programmer, Clean Code and Grokking Algorithms for the Tech Book Book Club

**CODING CHALLENGE**

```js

```
