**OVERALL EFFORTS**

- CAREER GROWTH - READING - Code Complete 2nd Edition
- CAREER GROWTH - COLLEGE - Admissions process for University of the People
- CAREER GROWTH - INTERVIEW PREP - Leet Code Challenges Daily to eventually complete all of them
- CAREER GROWTH - PORTFOLIO BOOST - Push to Github every day to fill out my grid!
- CAREER GROWTH - SKILLS - Shortcuts and Typing challenges daily
- CAREER GROWTH - WRITING - Regularly post Blog Content on Medium
- LIFE GOALS - SPANISH - Go through all of the DuoLingo course for Spanish
- LIFE GOALS - EXERCISE - Run regularly, alternate with plank app, and start yoga with Ellie
- LIFE GOALS - MEDITATION - Short meditation session daily
- LIFE GOALS - PHYSICAL THERAPY - Use the denner roll for the chiropractic care daily

**DOING TODAY**

- SPANISH

  - _DUOLINGO - Get at least 100 points_

- PHYSICAL AND MENTAL HEALTH

  - _FITNESS - Go for a run_
  - _FITNESS - Do the arm/wrist routine_
  - _FITNESS - Plank app_
  - _FITNESS - Yoga app_
  - _FITNESS - Weigh myself on the weight tracking app_
  - _HYDRATE - Drink at least 4 bottles of water today_
  - _PHYSICAL THERAPY - Use the denner roll for 10~15 minutes_
  - _MEDITATE - Do one meditation session on Headspace_
  - _FASTING - Make an attempt to only eat one meal during the day_
  - _VITAMINS - Men's Vitamins and Red Yeast Rice_

- CAREER

  - _LEETCODE - Solve 1 problem_
  - _SHORTCUTFOO - 5 minutes of practice_
  - _TYPERACER - 5 minutes of practice_
  - _READING - CODE COMPLETE - Read at least 10 pages_
  - _GITHUB - JOURNAL - Set up the daily journal, and push to Github_
  - _GITHUB - JOURNAL - Include updates throughout the day, and push content to Github_

**DID TODAY**

- JOURNAL - Set up the journal for the day!
- CHORES - Discussed with Ellie the food plans going forward!
- SHORTCUTFOO - 5 minutes
- TYPERACER - 5 minutes
- LEETCODE - Problem 13, description and solutions below!
- MEETUP - Great meetup tonight from the Atlanta Scrum Users Group!

**THOUGHTS**

- **TODAY'S POSITIVES**

- Looking forward to all the online conferences and meetups to run during the background of my work day :]
- Listening to all of the advice and the focuses of what was going on in the meetup tonight made me think that the Scrum Master role would be a fantastic role for Ellie to dive into
- Great advice and tips from the speaker on what skills to practice and develop to be able to pivot into a scrum position

- **JOURNAL GOALS**

  - Update the README.md file to have a more interesting splash page for this repository since it will likely be the most active repo on my account

- **GOALS TODO**

  - BLOGGING - Transfer blog content creation to Linked In!
  - BLOGGING - Select a day in the week that I have time to post a blog post weekly
  - MENTORING - Set a calendar reminder for mentoring sessions and invite mentees

- **FUTURE PERSONAL GOALS**
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - JOURNAL - Create a template for the blogging content
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - JOURNAL - Display quantifiable data in a visual format somehow?
    - Running data - Weight data - etc...
    - Duolingo stats
    - Textbook reading - pages per day kind of thing...
    - Leetcode challenges completed
    - Minutes practiced for shortcuts
    - Minutes practiced for typing
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - GITHUB - Update Github Overview Section to show the "secret" splashpage
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - LINKEDIN - Update LinkedIn profile to accurately depict my career changes and job accomplishments and tasks
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - MEDIUM - Create blog posts about the slide decks that I created for Pragmatic Programmer, Clean Code and Grokking Algorithms for the Tech Book Book Club

**CODING CHALLENGE**

13. Roman to Integer

Roman numerals are represented by seven different symbols: I, V, X, L, C, D and M.

Symbol Value
I 1
V 5
X 10
L 50
C 100
D 500
M 1000
For example, 2 is written as II in Roman numeral, just two one's added together. 12 is written as XII, which is simply X + II. The number 27 is written as XXVII, which is XX + V + II.

Roman numerals are usually written largest to smallest from left to right. However, the numeral for four is not IIII. Instead, the number four is written as IV. Because the one is before the five we subtract it making four. The same principle applies to the number nine, which is written as IX. There are six instances where subtraction is used:

I can be placed before V (5) and X (10) to make 4 and 9.
X can be placed before L (50) and C (100) to make 40 and 90.
C can be placed before D (500) and M (1000) to make 400 and 900.
Given a roman numeral, convert it to an integer.

Example 1:

Input: s = "III"
Output: 3
Example 2:

Input: s = "IV"
Output: 4
Example 3:

Input: s = "IX"
Output: 9
Example 4:

Input: s = "LVIII"
Output: 58
Explanation: L = 50, V= 5, III = 3.
Example 5:

Input: s = "MCMXCIV"
Output: 1994
Explanation: M = 1000, CM = 900, XC = 90 and IV = 4.

Constraints:

1 <= s.length <= 15
s contains only the characters ('I', 'V', 'X', 'L', 'C', 'D', 'M').
It is guaranteed that s is a valid roman numeral in the range [1, 3999].

```js
// My first solution

/**
 * @param {string} s
 * @return {number}
 */
var romanToInt = function (s) {
  let newInt = 0;
  for (let i = 0; i < s.length; i++) {
    if (s[i] === "M") {
      newInt += 1000;
    } else if (s[i] === "D") {
      newInt += 500;
    } else if (s[i] === "C") {
      if (i + 1 !== s.length) {
        if (s[i + 1] === "M") {
          newInt += 900;
          i++;
        } else if (s[i + 1] === "D") {
          newInt += 400;
          i++;
        } else {
          newInt += 100;
        }
      } else {
        newInt += 100;
      }
    } else if (s[i] === "L") {
      newInt += 50;
    } else if (s[i] === "X") {
      if (i + 1 !== s.length) {
        if (s[i + 1] === "C") {
          newInt += 90;
          i++;
        } else if (s[i + 1] === "L") {
          newInt += 40;
          i++;
        } else {
          newInt += 10;
        }
      } else {
        newInt += 10;
      }
    } else if (s[i] === "V") {
      newInt += 5;
    } else if (s[i] === "I") {
      if (i + 1 !== s.length) {
        if (s[i + 1] === "X") {
          newInt += 9;
          i++;
        } else if (s[i + 1] === "V") {
          newInt += 4;
          i++;
        } else {
          newInt++;
        }
      } else {
        newInt += 1;
      }
    }
  }
  return newInt;
};

// I know it's not elegant, but I knew it'd get the job done. I thought about the fact that this screamed that it wanted a hash table to work it out, but couldn't think of an elegant solution, so decided to brute force it for time purposes.

// MORE PERFORMANT SOLUTION - Of course this was the hash table solution... lol

/**
 * @param {string} s
 * @return {number}
 */
var romanToInt = function (s) {
  const roman = {
    I: 1,
    V: 5,
    X: 10,
    L: 50,
    C: 100,
    D: 500,
    M: 1000,
  };

  let integer = 0;

  for (let i = s.length - 1; i > -1; i--) {
    let num = roman[s.charAt(i)];
    if (4 * num < integer) integer -= num;
    else integer += num;
  }
  return integer;
};

// MORE MEMORY PERFORMANT SOLUTION - lol that this is also built off of a hash

const mapping = {
  I: 1,
  V: 5,
  X: 10,
  L: 50,
  C: 100,
  D: 500,
  M: 1000,
};

/**
 * @param {string} s
 * @return {number}
 */
var romanToInt = function (s) {
  let sum = 0;
  let i = 0;
  while (i < s.length) {
    const current = mapping[s[i]];
    const lookAhead = mapping[s[i + 1]];
    sum += current * (lookAhead !== undefined && lookAhead > current ? -1 : 1);
    i++;
  }

  return sum;
};
```
