oct-2021/oct-2-21.md, before:

**OVERALL EFFORTS**

- CAREER GROWTH - READING - Code Complete 2nd Edition
- CAREER GROWTH - COLLEGE - Admissions process for University of the People
- CAREER GROWTH - INTERVIEW PREP - Leet Code Challenges Daily to eventually complete all of them
- CAREER GROWTH - PORTFOLIO BOOST - Push to Github every day to fill out my grid!
- CAREER GROWTH - SKILLS - Shortcuts and Typing challenges daily
- CAREER GROWTH - WRITING - Regularly post Blog Content on Medium
- LIFE GOALS - SPANISH - Go through all of the DuoLingo course for Spanish
- LIFE GOALS - EXERCISE - Run regularly, alternate with plank app, and start yoga with Ellie
- LIFE GOALS - MEDITATION - Short meditation session daily
- LIFE GOALS - PHYSICAL THERAPY - Use the denner roll for the chiropractic care daily

**DOING TODAY**

- GITHUB

  - _JOURNAL - Set up the daily journal, and push to Github_
  - _JOURNAL - Document daily did today activities_

- SPANISH

  - _DUOLINGO - Get at least 100 points_

- READING

  - _CODE COMPLETE - Read the second chapter_
  - _CODE COMPLETE - Try and push to hit the target of 200 pages by the end of the weekend_

- PHYSICAL AND MENTAL HEALTH

  - _HYDRATE - Drink at least 4 bottles of water today_
  - _EXERCISE - Do the arm/wrist routine_
  - _EXERCISE - Go for a run today_
  - _FITNESS - Weigh myself on the weight tracking app_
  - _PHYSICAL THERAPY - Use the denner roll for 10~15 minutes_
  - _MEDITATE - Do one meditation session on Headspace_

**DID TODAY**

- JOUNRAL - Set up the journal for the day!

**THOUGHTS**

- **TODAY'S POSITIVES**

- **JOURNAL GOALS**

  - Update the README.md file to have a more interesting splash page for this repository since it will likely be the most active repo on my account

- **GOALS TODO**

  - MEDIUM - Select a day in the week that I have time to post a blog post weekly
  - MENTORING - Set a calendar reminder for mentoring sessions and invite mentees

- **FUTURE PERSONAL GOALS**
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - JOURNAL - Create a template for the blogging content
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - JOURNAL - Display quantifiable data in a visual format somehow?
    - Running data - Weight data - etc...
    - Duolingo stats
    - Textbook reading - pages per day kind of thing...
    - Leetcode challenges completed
    - Minutes practiced for shortcuts
    - Minutes practiced for typing
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - GITHUB - Update Github Overview Section to show the "secret" splashpage
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - LINKEDIN - Update LinkedIn profile to accurately depict my career changes and job accomplishments and tasks
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - MEDIUM - Create blog posts about the slide decks that I created for Pragmatic Programmer, Clean Code and Grokking Algorithms for the Tech Book Book Club

**CODING CHALLENGE**

```js

```

Commit message:

Updated today with things I did today and positives

oct-2021/oct-2-21.md, after:

**OVERALL EFFORTS**

- CAREER GROWTH - READING - Code Complete 2nd Edition
- CAREER GROWTH - COLLEGE - Admissions process for University of the People
- CAREER GROWTH - INTERVIEW PREP - Leet Code Challenges Daily to eventually complete all of them
- CAREER GROWTH - PORTFOLIO BOOST - Push to Github every day to fill out my grid!
- CAREER GROWTH - SKILLS - Shortcuts and Typing challenges daily
- CAREER GROWTH - WRITING - Regularly post Blog Content on Medium
- LIFE GOALS - SPANISH - Go through all of the DuoLingo course for Spanish
- LIFE GOALS - EXERCISE - Run regularly, alternate with plank app, and start yoga with Ellie
- LIFE GOALS - MEDITATION - Short meditation session daily
- LIFE GOALS - PHYSICAL THERAPY - Use the denner roll for the chiropractic care daily

**DOING TODAY**

- GITHUB

  - JOURNAL - Set up the daily journal, and push to Github
  - _JOURNAL - Document daily did today activities_

- SPANISH

  - DUOLINGO - Get at least 100 points

- READING

  - CODE COMPLETE - Read the third chapter
  - _CODE COMPLETE - Try and push to hit the target of 200 pages by the end of the weekend_

- PHYSICAL AND MENTAL HEALTH

  - _HYDRATE - Drink at least 4 bottles of water today_
  - _EXERCISE - Do the arm/wrist routine_
  - FITNESS - Weigh myself on the weight tracking app
  - _PHYSICAL THERAPY - Use the denner roll for 10~15 minutes_
  - _MEDITATE - Do one meditation session on Headspace_
  - FASTING - Make an attempt to only eat one meal during the day

**DID TODAY**

- JOUNRAL - Set up the journal for the day!
- READING - Read through chapter 3 in Code Complete!! Super long chapter, great content!
- DUOLINGO - Earned nearly 600 points!!
- MEDIUM - Went through and updated all of my VSCode shortcut articles to show the shortcuts in the google results for the subheader
  - Realized that with the new setup for Medium, you need to have at least 100 followers to be able to become a monetized content creator, and there are additional expectations for continuous content updates (every 6 months)
- FITNESS - Weighed myself today
- FASTING - Only ate lunch today!
- HYDRATE - Two bottles of water today!!
- CHORES - Did laundry today :D

**THOUGHTS**

- **TODAY'S POSITIVES**

- Super proud of myself for getting through a good amount of reading today!!
- Very excited to have gone through so many of my articles on Medium and tweaked them to be a bit better. It definitely motivates me to go through and update more of my drafts, and stick to a publishing on Saturday schedule!
- Very proud of myself for going through the process of journaling on multiple devices and coming up with a way to consistently do this process :]

- **JOURNAL GOALS**

  - Update the README.md file to have a more interesting splash page for this repository since it will likely be the most active repo on my account

- **GOALS TODO**

  - MEDIUM - Select a day in the week that I have time to post a blog post weekly
  - MENTORING - Set a calendar reminder for mentoring sessions and invite mentees

- **FUTURE PERSONAL GOALS**
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - JOURNAL - Create a template for the blogging content
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - JOURNAL - Display quantifiable data in a visual format somehow?
    - Running data - Weight data - etc...
    - Duolingo stats
    - Textbook reading - pages per day kind of thing...
    - Leetcode challenges completed
    - Minutes practiced for shortcuts
    - Minutes practiced for typing
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - GITHUB - Update Github Overview Section to show the "secret" splashpage
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - LINKEDIN - Update LinkedIn profile to accurately depict my career changes and job accomplishments and tasks
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - MEDIUM - Create blog posts about the slide decks that I created for Pragmatic Programmer, Clean Code and Grokking Algorithms for the Tech Book Book Club

**CODING CHALLENGE**

```js

```
