notes/uopeople-content/UNIV1001 - Online Education Strategies/Week 1/Discussion Assignment.md, before:

# Discussion Assignment - Week 1

What are the benefits of collaborative learning?

- How does University of the People integrate community-oriented learning into the classroom?
- In your response, be sure to share any experience you have with collaborative learning.
- 250 word minimum
- 500 word maximum

"The peer group organization leads the integration of assessment with cooperative work, in order to enable the development of communication skills, leadership, time management, problem solving, decision making and increase the responsibility of the student from the results that must be generated by his/her group. In addition, due to its dynamics, the group organization can provide more interesting learning experiences from the student's point of view and more effective from the teacher's point of view, as well as generate new ideas from different perspectives, which leads to more instances of constructive discussions and debates." (Rosa, Coutinho, & Flores, 2016, p. 420)

Rosa, S. S., Coutinho, C. P., & Flores, M. A. (2016). Online Peer Assessment: Method and Digital Technologies. Procedia - Social and Behavioral Sciences, 228, 418–423. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.sbspro.2016.07.064

Commit message:

added final discussion assingment submission, starting reviews

notes/uopeople-content/UNIV1001 - Online Education Strategies/Week 1/Discussion Assignment.md, after:

# Discussion Assignment - Week 1

What are the benefits of collaborative learning?

- How does University of the People integrate community-oriented learning into the classroom?
- In your response, be sure to share any experience you have with collaborative learning.
- 250 word minimum
- 500 word maximum

I taught choir in public schools for 8 years, and I would confidently claim that the choral classroom is a constant collaborative learning environment. There were very short iterative feedback cycles during class, and the choir directors would integrate peer review and assessment strategies on a regular basis.

During the class the student's success on sight-reading new music, or correctly matching the appropriate vowel, pitch and dynamic was completely dependent on the success and focus of every student in the classroom working towards and achieving that particular goal in that moment. Collaboration was key.The students would also give feedback about each other’s progress. To keep the feedback constructive, the teachers would say, "let your neighbor know one thing they did well, and one thing they can improve." For the students, having ownership in the growth and progress of the material that they were actively learning greatly assisted in their mastery and retention of the content.

The teachers also integrated weekly review games which covered choral concepts and knowledge. Students were allowed to assist each other in between rounds by giving feedback to their teammates, which improved their understanding by the end of the activity. The benefits to this were profound. The students' competitive nature would have them encouraging and teaching their peers how to understand the material completely. This caught up those that were behind in class, and it solidified the knowledge of those who were actively reteaching.

With this personal experience, it was very gratifying seeing all of the benefits for a collaborative learning environment listed out succinctly in the article "Online Peer Assessment: Method and Digital Technologies" in the Peer Assessment Resources:

> The peer group organization leads the integration of assessment with cooperative work, in order to enable the development of communication skills, leadership, time management, problem solving, decision making and increase the responsibility of the student from the results that must be generated by his/her group. (Rosa, Coutinho, & Flores, 2016, p. 420)

I appreciate that the students at this University have an opportunity to use collaborative learning via peer assessments and feedback in the discussion forum, and on the written assignments. Being able to assist fellow classmates with improving their writing skills while practicing our own feedback skills will foster abilities that are useful in any career. In fact, in my current profession as a software developer, code review by peers is the norm, and pair programming is often celebrated for increasing productivity!

Having seen the benefits to collaborative learning first hand, I am a true believer in how it can effectively bolster the growth in students, and I am excited to be utilizing it throughout my time at this University.

Rosa, S. S., Coutinho, C. P., & Flores, M. A. (2016). Online Peer Assessment: Method and Digital Technologies. Procedia - Social and Behavioral Sciences, 228, 418–423. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.sbspro.2016.07.064

### Reviewing Other's Submissions
