**OVERALL EFFORTS**

- CAREER GROWTH - READING - Read Textbooks, document journey on Socials, make book club content and post to Github/Blogs
- CAREER GROWTH - COLLEGE - UoPEOPLE - CourseWork
- CAREER GROWTH - ALGORITHMS - Build up the skill set of being an algorithm guru via LeetCode and other similar challenges
- CAREER GROWTH - GITHUB - Push to Github every day to fill out my grid!
- CAREER GROWTH - SKILLS - Shortcuts and Typing challenges daily
- CAREER GROWTH - WRITING - Regularly post Blog Content
- LIFE GOALS - SPANISH - Go through all of the DuoLingo course for Spanish
- LIFE GOALS - EXERCISE - Run regularly, alternate with plank app, and start yoga with Ellie
- LIFE GOALS - MEDITATION - Short meditation session daily

**DOING TODAY**

- SPANISH

  - _DUOLINGO - Get at least 100 points_

- PHYSICAL AND MENTAL HEALTH

  - _FITNESS - Do the arm/wrist routine_
  - _FITNESS - Plank app + Yoga app_
  - _FITNESS - Run + Stretching app_
  - _FITNESS - Weigh myself on the weight tracking app_
  - _HYDRATE - Drink at least 4 bottles of water today_
  - _PHYSICAL THERAPY - Use the denner roll for 10~15 minutes_
  - _MEDITATE - Do one meditation session on Headspace_
  - _FASTING - Make an attempt to only eat one meal during the day_
  - _VITAMINS - Men's Vitamins and Red Yeast Rice_

- CAREER

  - _LEETCODE - Solve 1 problem_
  - _SHORTCUTFOO - 5 minutes of practice_
  - _TYPERACER - 5 minutes of practice_
  - _READING - PROGRAMMING TYPESCRIPT - Read at least 10 pages_
  - _GITHUB - JOURNAL - Set up the daily journal, and push to Github_
  - _GITHUB - JOURNAL - Include updates throughout the day, and push content to Github_
  - _UOPEOPLE - COURSEWORK - Work on course work for my current courses_

**DID TODAY**

- JOURNAL - Added today's journal
- DUOLINGO - Kept the streak alive!
- UOPEOPLE - Added section for week 2, and added a lot of notes for this week's content so far!
- CHORES - Moved around files on my tablet, and started editting the names of the sheet music to organize the structure!
- UOPEOPLE - Got through all of the Learning Guide apart from the reading selections.

**THOUGHTS**

- **TODAY'S POSITIVES**

  - Got a decent set up for my UoPeople classes. Taking my notes on my Macbook while reading the assignments and content on my tablet. Need to streamline the process prior to starting the actual content that I'm interested in!
  - Was able to have a relaxing Sunday after the whole driving situation yesterday.
  - Watched a little bit of the Cowboy Bebop show with Mom, and it was really great!
  - Had some really good Venezuelan food!

- **GOALS TODO**

  - BLOGGING - Transfer blog content creation to Linked In! Also, transfer and host original content within my own domain as well. Probably add this to my portfolio website that is hosted on Github Pages.
  - BLOGGING - Select a day in the week that I have time to post a blog post weekly (maybe daily?)
  - GITHUB - Update Github Overview Section to show the "secret" splashpage
  - LINKEDIN - Update LinkedIn profile to accurately depict my career changes and job accomplishments and tasks, add WITSML to the current technologies
  - GITHUB/LINKEDIN - Create blog posts about the slide decks that I created for Pragmatic Programmer, Clean Code and Grokking Algorithms for the Tech Book Book Club
  - LEARNING - HASHICORP - Advice from Derek, "Honestly to learn HashiCorp specifically start with building stuff on Vagrant. You can built almost anything other than cloud vendor specific resources with Vagrant alone and most if not all of the project repos provide you a Vagrantfile to get started with. After that AWS will have the most example content. Start with easier concepts like provisioning a VPC/VM. But yeah, Vagrant is your huckleberry to start"

**CODING CHALLENGE**

```js

```
