nov-2021/nov-8-21.md, before:

**OVERALL EFFORTS**

- CAREER GROWTH - READING - Read Textbooks, document journey on Socials, make book club content and post to Github/Blogs
- CAREER GROWTH - COLLEGE - UoPEOPLE - CourseWork
- CAREER GROWTH - ALGORITHMS - Build up the skill set of being an algorithm guru via LeetCode and other similar challenges
- CAREER GROWTH - GITHUB - Push to Github every day to fill out my grid!
- CAREER GROWTH - SKILLS - Shortcuts and Typing challenges daily
- CAREER GROWTH - WRITING - Regularly post Blog Content
- LIFE GOALS - SPANISH - Go through all of the DuoLingo course for Spanish
- LIFE GOALS - EXERCISE - Run regularly, alternate with plank app, and start yoga with Ellie
- LIFE GOALS - MEDITATION - Short meditation session daily
- LIFE GOALS - PHYSICAL THERAPY - Use the denner roll for the chiropractic care daily

**DOING TODAY**

- SPANISH

  - _DUOLINGO - Get at least 100 points_

- PHYSICAL AND MENTAL HEALTH

  - _FITNESS - Do the arm/wrist routine_
  - _FITNESS - Plank app + Yoga app_
  - _FITNESS - Run + Stretching app_
  - _FITNESS - Weigh myself on the weight tracking app_
  - _HYDRATE - Drink at least 4 bottles of water today_
  - _PHYSICAL THERAPY - Use the denner roll for 10~15 minutes_
  - _MEDITATE - Do one meditation session on Headspace_
  - _FASTING - Make an attempt to only eat one meal during the day_
  - _VITAMINS - Men's Vitamins and Red Yeast Rice_

- CAREER

  - _LEETCODE - Solve 1 problem_
  - _SHORTCUTFOO - 5 minutes of practice_
  - _TYPERACER - 5 minutes of practice_
  - _READING - PROGRAMMING TYPESCRIPT - Read at least 10 pages_
  - _GITHUB - JOURNAL - Set up the daily journal, and push to Github_
  - _GITHUB - JOURNAL - Include updates throughout the day, and push content to Github_
  - _UOPEOPLE - COURSEWORK - Work on course work for my current courses_

**DID TODAY**

- JOURNAL - Added today's journal

**THOUGHTS**

- Add WITSML to Linked In technologies used.

- **TODAY'S POSITIVES**

  - 

- **GOALS TODO**

  - BLOGGING - Transfer blog content creation to Linked In! Also, transfer and host original content within my own domain as well. Probably add this to my portfolio website that is hosted on Github Pages.
  - BLOGGING - Select a day in the week that I have time to post a blog post weekly (maybe daily?)
  - GITHUB - Update Github Overview Section to show the "secret" splashpage
  - LINKEDIN - Update LinkedIn profile to accurately depict my career changes and job accomplishments and tasks
  - GITHUB/LINKEDIN - Create blog posts about the slide decks that I created for Pragmatic Programmer, Clean Code and Grokking Algorithms for the Tech Book Book Club
  - LEARNING - HASHICORP - Advice from Derek, "Honestly to learn HashiCorp specifically start with building stuff on Vagrant. You can built almost anything other than cloud vendor specific resources with Vagrant alone and most if not all of the project repos provide you a Vagrantfile to get started with. After that AWS will have the most example content. Start with easier concepts like provisioning a VPC/VM. But yeah, Vagrant is your huckleberry to start"

**CODING CHALLENGE**

```js
```

Commit message:

updates to yesterday's notes  and journal

nov-2021/nov-8-21.md, after:

**OVERALL EFFORTS**

- CAREER GROWTH - READING - Read Textbooks, document journey on Socials, make book club content and post to Github/Blogs
- CAREER GROWTH - COLLEGE - UoPEOPLE - CourseWork
- CAREER GROWTH - ALGORITHMS - Build up the skill set of being an algorithm guru via LeetCode and other similar challenges
- CAREER GROWTH - GITHUB - Push to Github every day to fill out my grid!
- CAREER GROWTH - SKILLS - Shortcuts and Typing challenges daily
- CAREER GROWTH - WRITING - Regularly post Blog Content
- LIFE GOALS - SPANISH - Go through all of the DuoLingo course for Spanish
- LIFE GOALS - EXERCISE - Run regularly, alternate with plank app, and start yoga with Ellie
- LIFE GOALS - MEDITATION - Short meditation session daily
- LIFE GOALS - PHYSICAL THERAPY - Use the denner roll for the chiropractic care daily

**DOING TODAY**

- SPANISH

  - _DUOLINGO - Get at least 100 points_

- PHYSICAL AND MENTAL HEALTH

  - _FITNESS - Do the arm/wrist routine_
  - _FITNESS - Plank app + Yoga app_
  - _FITNESS - Run + Stretching app_
  - _FITNESS - Weigh myself on the weight tracking app_
  - _HYDRATE - Drink at least 4 bottles of water today_
  - _PHYSICAL THERAPY - Use the denner roll for 10~15 minutes_
  - _MEDITATE - Do one meditation session on Headspace_
  - _FASTING - Make an attempt to only eat one meal during the day_
  - _VITAMINS - Men's Vitamins and Red Yeast Rice_

- CAREER

  - _LEETCODE - Solve 1 problem_
  - _SHORTCUTFOO - 5 minutes of practice_
  - _TYPERACER - 5 minutes of practice_
  - _READING - PROGRAMMING TYPESCRIPT - Read at least 10 pages_
  - _GITHUB - JOURNAL - Set up the daily journal, and push to Github_
  - _GITHUB - JOURNAL - Include updates throughout the day, and push content to Github_
  - _UOPEOPLE - COURSEWORK - Work on course work for my current courses_

**DID TODAY**

- JOURNAL - Added today's journal
- NOTES - Took a ton of notes during the conference talk today!
- GITHUB - Added a new repository of the code that we worked through in the JS workshop today, and we utilized TypeScript, Next.js, Cypress, Functional React Components, TDD, and it was super straightforward and informative!

**THOUGHTS**

- Add WITSML to Linked In technologies used.

- **TODAY'S POSITIVES**

  - TypeScript demonstration today!
  - Next.js pros and cons were interesting to hear about!
  - Cypress was super straightforward and simple to integrate! Really easy to work with (at least for web apps)! Would prefer to use this for testing purposes before we run into unit testing cases.
  - Really enjoyed speaking with other developers!

- **GOALS TODO**

  - BLOGGING - Transfer blog content creation to Linked In! Also, transfer and host original content within my own domain as well. Probably add this to my portfolio website that is hosted on Github Pages.
  - BLOGGING - Select a day in the week that I have time to post a blog post weekly (maybe daily?)
  - GITHUB - Update Github Overview Section to show the "secret" splashpage
  - LINKEDIN - Update LinkedIn profile to accurately depict my career changes and job accomplishments and tasks
  - GITHUB/LINKEDIN - Create blog posts about the slide decks that I created for Pragmatic Programmer, Clean Code and Grokking Algorithms for the Tech Book Book Club
  - LEARNING - HASHICORP - Advice from Derek, "Honestly to learn HashiCorp specifically start with building stuff on Vagrant. You can built almost anything other than cloud vendor specific resources with Vagrant alone and most if not all of the project repos provide you a Vagrantfile to get started with. After that AWS will have the most example content. Start with easier concepts like provisioning a VPC/VM. But yeah, Vagrant is your huckleberry to start"

**CODING CHALLENGE**

```js

```
