nov-2021/nov-1-21.md, before:

**OVERALL EFFORTS**

- CAREER GROWTH - READING - Code Complete 2nd Edition
- CAREER GROWTH - COLLEGE - Admissions process for University of the People
- CAREER GROWTH - INTERVIEW PREP - Leet Code Challenges Daily to eventually complete all of them
- CAREER GROWTH - PORTFOLIO BOOST - Push to Github every day to fill out my grid!
- CAREER GROWTH - SKILLS - Shortcuts and Typing challenges daily
- CAREER GROWTH - WRITING - Regularly post Blog Content on Medium
- LIFE GOALS - SPANISH - Go through all of the DuoLingo course for Spanish
- LIFE GOALS - EXERCISE - Run regularly, alternate with plank app, and start yoga with Ellie
- LIFE GOALS - MEDITATION - Short meditation session daily
- LIFE GOALS - PHYSICAL THERAPY - Use the denner roll for the chiropractic care daily

**DOING TODAY**

- SPANISH

  - _DUOLINGO - Get at least 100 points_

- PHYSICAL AND MENTAL HEALTH

  - _FITNESS - Go for a run_
  - _FITNESS - Do the arm/wrist routine_
  - _FITNESS - Plank app_
  - _FITNESS - Yoga app_
  - _FITNESS - Weigh myself on the weight tracking app_
  - _HYDRATE - Drink at least 4 bottles of water today_
  - _PHYSICAL THERAPY - Use the denner roll for 10~15 minutes_
  - _MEDITATE - Do one meditation session on Headspace_
  - _FASTING - Make an attempt to only eat one meal during the day_
  - _VITAMINS - Men's Vitamins and Red Yeast Rice_

- CAREER

  - _LEETCODE - Solve 1 problem_
  - _SHORTCUTFOO - 5 minutes of practice_
  - _TYPERACER - 5 minutes of practice_
  - _READING - CODE COMPLETE - Read at least 10 pages_
  - _GITHUB - JOURNAL - Set up the daily journal, and push to Github_
  - _GITHUB - JOURNAL - Include updates throughout the day, and push content to Github_
  - _UOPEOPLE - COURSEWORK - Work on course work for my current courses_

**DID TODAY**

- JOURNAL - Added today's journal

**THOUGHTS**

- **TODAY'S POSITIVES**

- 

- **JOURNAL GOALS**

  - Update the README.md file to have a more interesting splash page for this repository since it will likely be the most active repo on my account

- **GOALS TODO**

  - BLOGGING - Transfer blog content creation to Linked In! Also, transfer and host original content within my own domain as well. Probably add this to my portfolio website that is hosted on Github Pages.
  - BLOGGING - Select a day in the week that I have time to post a blog post weekly (maybe daily?)

- **FUTURE PERSONAL GOALS**
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - JOURNAL - Create a template for the blogging content
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - JOURNAL - Display quantifiable data in a visual format somehow?
    - Running data - Weight data - etc...
    - Duolingo stats
    - Textbook reading - pages per day kind of thing...
    - Leetcode challenges completed
    - Minutes practiced for shortcuts
    - Minutes practiced for typing
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - GITHUB - Update Github Overview Section to show the "secret" splashpage
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - LINKEDIN - Update LinkedIn profile to accurately depict my career changes and job accomplishments and tasks
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - MEDIUM - Create blog posts about the slide decks that I created for Pragmatic Programmer, Clean Code and Grokking Algorithms for the Tech Book Book Club
  - LEARNING - HASHICORP - Advice from Derek, "Honestly to learn HashiCorp specifically start with building stuff on Vagrant. You can built almost anything other than cloud vendor specific resources with Vagrant alone and most if not all of the project repos provide you a Vagrantfile to get started with. After that AWS will have the most example content. Start with easier concepts like provisioning a VPC/VM. But yeah, Vagrant is your huckleberry to start"

**CODING CHALLENGE**

```js
```

Commit message:

updating nov-1-21 with positives and dailies

nov-2021/nov-1-21.md, after:

**OVERALL EFFORTS**

- CAREER GROWTH - READING - Code Complete 2nd Edition
- CAREER GROWTH - COLLEGE - Admissions process for University of the People
- CAREER GROWTH - INTERVIEW PREP - Leet Code Challenges Daily to eventually complete all of them
- CAREER GROWTH - PORTFOLIO BOOST - Push to Github every day to fill out my grid!
- CAREER GROWTH - SKILLS - Shortcuts and Typing challenges daily
- CAREER GROWTH - WRITING - Regularly post Blog Content on Medium
- LIFE GOALS - SPANISH - Go through all of the DuoLingo course for Spanish
- LIFE GOALS - EXERCISE - Run regularly, alternate with plank app, and start yoga with Ellie
- LIFE GOALS - MEDITATION - Short meditation session daily
- LIFE GOALS - PHYSICAL THERAPY - Use the denner roll for the chiropractic care daily

**DOING TODAY**

- SPANISH

  - _DUOLINGO - Get at least 100 points_

- PHYSICAL AND MENTAL HEALTH

  - _FITNESS - Go for a run_
  - _FITNESS - Do the arm/wrist routine_
  - _FITNESS - Plank app_
  - _FITNESS - Yoga app_
  - _FITNESS - Weigh myself on the weight tracking app_
  - _HYDRATE - Drink at least 4 bottles of water today_
  - _PHYSICAL THERAPY - Use the denner roll for 10~15 minutes_
  - _MEDITATE - Do one meditation session on Headspace_
  - _FASTING - Make an attempt to only eat one meal during the day_
  - _VITAMINS - Men's Vitamins and Red Yeast Rice_

- CAREER

  - _LEETCODE - Solve 1 problem_
  - _SHORTCUTFOO - 5 minutes of practice_
  - _TYPERACER - 5 minutes of practice_
  - _READING - CODE COMPLETE - Read at least 10 pages_
  - _GITHUB - JOURNAL - Set up the daily journal, and push to Github_
  - _GITHUB - JOURNAL - Include updates throughout the day, and push content to Github_
  - _UOPEOPLE - COURSEWORK - Work on course work for my current courses_

**DID TODAY**

- JOURNAL - Added today's journal
- DUOLINGO - Did several lessons with Ellie in the car!
- READING - Read the TypeScript book, pages 6-21!
- TWITTER - Made several posts yesterday!
- LINKEDIN - Made one post about reading yesterday!

**THOUGHTS**

- **TODAY'S POSITIVES**

- Was able to do a lot at work today, and wrapped my mind around WITSML a lot better!
- Got a raise, and I'm excited about the new tech we're going to dive into!
- Figured out we could save anoother $700 on our phones!

- **JOURNAL GOALS**

  - Update the README.md file to have a more interesting splash page for this repository since it will likely be the most active repo on my account

- **GOALS TODO**

  - BLOGGING - Transfer blog content creation to Linked In! Also, transfer and host original content within my own domain as well. Probably add this to my portfolio website that is hosted on Github Pages.
  - BLOGGING - Select a day in the week that I have time to post a blog post weekly (maybe daily?)

- **FUTURE PERSONAL GOALS**
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - JOURNAL - Create a template for the blogging content
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - JOURNAL - Display quantifiable data in a visual format somehow?
    - Running data - Weight data - etc...
    - Duolingo stats
    - Textbook reading - pages per day kind of thing...
    - Leetcode challenges completed
    - Minutes practiced for shortcuts
    - Minutes practiced for typing
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - GITHUB - Update Github Overview Section to show the "secret" splashpage
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - LINKEDIN - Update LinkedIn profile to accurately depict my career changes and job accomplishments and tasks
  - PORTFOLIO BOOST - MEDIUM - Create blog posts about the slide decks that I created for Pragmatic Programmer, Clean Code and Grokking Algorithms for the Tech Book Book Club
  - LEARNING - HASHICORP - Advice from Derek, "Honestly to learn HashiCorp specifically start with building stuff on Vagrant. You can built almost anything other than cloud vendor specific resources with Vagrant alone and most if not all of the project repos provide you a Vagrantfile to get started with. After that AWS will have the most example content. Start with easier concepts like provisioning a VPC/VM. But yeah, Vagrant is your huckleberry to start"

**CODING CHALLENGE**

```js
```
